aah,aahed,Past,
aah,aahed,Past Part.,
aah,aahing,Pres Part.,
aah,aahs,3Sg Non-Past,
aah,aah,Infinitive,
abate,abates,3Sg Non-Past,
abate,abate,Infinitive,
abate,abating,Pres Part.,
abduct,abducted,Past Part.,
abduct,abducting,Pres Part.,
abduct,abducts,3Sg Non-Past,
abduct,abduct,Infinitive,
aberr,aberred,Past Part.,
aberr,aberring,Pres Part.,
aberr,aberrs,3Sg Non-Past,
aberr,aberr,Infinitive,
abject,abject,Infinitive,
ablactate,ablactated,Past Part.,
ablactate,ablactates,3Sg Non-Past,
ablactate,ablactate,Infinitive,
ablactate,ablactating,Pres Part.,
ablaqueate,ablaqueates,3Sg Non-Past,
ablaqueate,ablaqueate,Infinitive,
ablaqueate,ablaqueating,Pres Part.,
about-face,about-facing,Pres Part.,
about-turn,about-turns,3Sg Non-Past,
about-turn,about-turn,Infinitive,
abridge,abridged,Past,
abridge,abridged,Past Part.,
abridge,abridges,3Sg Non-Past,
abridge,abridge,Infinitive,
abridge,abridging,Pres Part.,
abscise,abscise,Infinitive,
abscise,abscising,Pres Part.,
abscond,absconded,Past,
abscond,absconded,Past Part.,
abscond,absconding,Pres Part.,
abscond,absconds,3Sg Non-Past,
abscond,abscond,Infinitive,
abut,abuts,3Sg Non-Past,
abut,abutted,Past,
abut,abutted,Past Part.,
abut,abutting,Pres Part.,
abut,abut,Infinitive,
accept,accepted,Past Part.,
accept,accepting,Pres Part.,
accept,accepts,3Sg Non-Past,
accept,accept,Infinitive,
accloy,accloyed,Past,
accloy,accloyed,Past Part.,
accloy,accloying,Pres Part.,
accloy,accloys,3Sg Non-Past,
accloy,accloy,Infinitive,
accompt,accompts,3Sg Non-Past,
accompt,accompt,Infinitive,
accrue,accrues,3Sg Non-Past,
accrue,accrue,Infinitive,
accrue,accruing,Pres Part.,
acculturate,acculturate,Infinitive,
acculturate,acculturating,Pres Part.,
accumber,accumbered,Past Part.,
accumber,accumbering,Pres Part.,
accumber,accumbers,3Sg Non-Past,
accumber,accumber,Infinitive,
accuminate,accuminates,3Sg Non-Past,
accuminate,accuminate,Infinitive,
accuminate,accuminating,Pres Part.,
accurise,accurising,Pres Part.,
accurse,accursing,Pres Part.,
accurse,accurst,Past Part.,
accustomize,accustomizing,Pres Part.,
acidize,acidize,Infinitive,
acidize,acidizing,Pres Part.,
acierate,acierated,Past,
acierate,acierated,Past Part.,
acierate,acierates,3Sg Non-Past,
acierate,acierate,Infinitive,
acierate,acierating,Pres Part.,
adaw,adaw,Infinitive,
add,add,Infinitive,
addeem,addeemed,Past,
addeem,addeemed,Past Part.,
addeem,addeeming,Pres Part.,
addeem,addeems,3Sg Non-Past,
addeem,addeem,Infinitive,
addulce,addulces,3Sg Non-Past,
addulce,addulce,Infinitive,
addulce,addulcing,Pres Part.,
admeasure,admeasured,Past,
admeasure,admeasured,Past Part.,
admeasure,admeasures,3Sg Non-Past,
admeasure,admeasure,Infinitive,
admeasure,admeasuring,Pres Part.,
admin,admining,Pres Part.,
admin,adminned,Past,
admin,adminned,Past Part.,
admin,adminning,Pres Part.,
admin,admins,3Sg Non-Past,
admin,admin,Infinitive,
admonish,admonished,Past Part.,
admonish,admonishes,3Sg Non-Past,
admonish,admonishing,Pres Part.,
admonish,admonish,Infinitive,
adnominalize,adnominalized,Past Part.,
adnominalize,adnominalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
adnominalize,adnominalize,Infinitive,
adnominalize,adnominalizing,Pres Part.,
adorn,adorning,Pres Part.,
adorn,adorns,3Sg Non-Past,
adorn,adorn,Infinitive,
adrenalectomise,adrenalectomise,Infinitive,
adrenalectomise,adrenalectomising,Pres Part.,
adrenalise,adrenalises,3Sg Non-Past,
adrenalise,adrenalise,Infinitive,
adrenalise,adrenalising,Pres Part.,
adult,adulted,Past Part.,
adult,adulting,Pres Part.,
adult,adults,3Sg Non-Past,
adult,adult,Infinitive,
adumbrate,adumbrating,Pres Part.,
adure,aduring,Pres Part.,
adventure,adventures,3Sg Non-Past,
adventure,adventure,Infinitive,
adventure,adventuring,Pres Part.,
adverbialise,adverbialised,Past,
adverbialise,adverbialised,Past Part.,
adverbialise,adverbialises,3Sg Non-Past,
adverbialise,adverbialise,Infinitive,
adverbialise,adverbialising,Pres Part.,
adview,adviewed,Past Part.,
adview,adviewing,Pres Part.,
adview,adviews,3Sg Non-Past,
adview,adview,Infinitive,
aestivate,aestivating,Pres Part.,
affection,affection,Infinitive,
affeeble,affeeble,Infinitive,
affeeble,affeebling,Pres Part.,
affirm,affirming,Pres Part.,
affirm,affirms,3Sg Non-Past,
affirm,affirm,Infinitive,
afform,afforms,3Sg Non-Past,
afform,afform,Infinitive,
affranchize,affranchised,Past Part.,
affranchize,affranchising,Pres Part.,
affranchize,affranchizes,3Sg Non-Past,
affranchize,affranchize,Infinitive,
affray,affraying,Pres Part.,
affray,affrays,3Sg Non-Past,
affray,affray,Infinitive,
affuse,affuses,3Sg Non-Past,
affuse,affuse,Infinitive,
affuse,affusing,Pres Part.,
againstand,againstand,Infinitive,
againstand,againstood,Past,
againstand,againstood,Past Part.,
aggrate,aggrated,Past,
aggrate,aggrated,Past Part.,
aggrate,aggrates,3Sg Non-Past,
aggrate,aggrate,Infinitive,
aggrate,aggrating,Pres Part.,
air-dry,air-dried,Past Part.,
air-dry,air-dries,3Sg Non-Past,
air-dry,air-drying,Pres Part.,
air-dry,air-dry,Infinitive,
air-guitar,air-guitared,Past,
air-guitar,air-guitared,Past Part.,
air-guitar,air-guitaring,Pres Part.,
air-guitar,air-guitars,3Sg Non-Past,
air-guitar,air-guitar,Infinitive,
ake,aked,Past Part.,
ake,akes,3Sg Non-Past,
ake,ake,Infinitive,
ake,aking,Pres Part.,
albumenise,albumenises,3Sg Non-Past,
albumenise,albumenise,Infinitive,
albumenise,albumenising,Pres Part.,
algorithmize,algorithmized,Past Part.,
algorithmize,algorithmizes,3Sg Non-Past,
algorithmize,algorithmize,Infinitive,
algorithmize,algorithmizing,Pres Part.,
alien,aliened,Past,
alien,aliened,Past Part.,
alien,aliening,Pres Part.,
alien,aliens,3Sg Non-Past,
alien,alien,Infinitive,
alkalify,alkalified,Past Part.,
alkalify,alkalifies,3Sg Non-Past,
alkalify,alkalifying,Pres Part.,
alkalify,alkalify,Infinitive,
allide,allides,3Sg Non-Past,
allide,allide,Infinitive,
allide,alliding,Pres Part.,
alligator,alligators,3Sg Non-Past,
alligator,alligator,Infinitive,
allotropize,allotropize,Infinitive,
allotropize,allotropizing,Pres Part.,
allure,allured,Past,
allure,allured,Past Part.,
allure,allures,3Sg Non-Past,
allure,allure,Infinitive,
allure,alluring,Pres Part.,
altercate,altercate,Infinitive,
altercate,altercating,Pres Part.,
aminate,aminates,3Sg Non-Past,
aminate,aminate,Infinitive,
aminate,aminating,Pres Part.,
amit,amits,3Sg Non-Past,
amit,amitted,Past,
amit,amitted,Past Part.,
amit,amitting,Pres Part.,
amit,amit,Infinitive,
amortize,amortized,Past,
amortize,amortized,Past Part.,
amortize,amortizes,3Sg Non-Past,
amortize,amortize,Infinitive,
amortize,amortizing,Pres Part.,
amplificate,amplificated,Past,
amplificate,amplificated,Past Part.,
amplificate,amplificates,3Sg Non-Past,
amplificate,amplificate,Infinitive,
amplificate,amplificating,Pres Part.,
amuse,amuses,3Sg Non-Past,
amuse,amuse,Infinitive,
amuse,amusing,Pres Part.,
analyze,analyzes,3Sg Non-Past,
analyze,analyze,Infinitive,
analyze,analyzing,Pres Part.,
AND,ANDs,3Sg Non-Past,
AND,AND,Infinitive,
androgynize,androgynize,Infinitive,
androgynize,androgynizing,Pres Part.,
anear,aneared,Past Part.,
anear,anearing,Pres Part.,
anear,anears,3Sg Non-Past,
anear,anear,Infinitive,
anele,aneled,Past,
anele,aneled,Past Part.,
anele,aneles,3Sg Non-Past,
anele,anele,Infinitive,
anele,aneling,Pres Part.,
annualize,annualizing,Pres Part.,
annul,annulled,Past,
annul,annulled,Past Part.,
annul,annulling,Pres Part.,
annul,annuls,3Sg Non-Past,
annul,annul,Infinitive,
annumerate,annumerates,3Sg Non-Past,
annumerate,annumerate,Infinitive,
annumerate,annumerating,Pres Part.,
anonymise,anonymise,Infinitive,
anonymise,anonymising,Pres Part.,
anthropize,anthropized,Past,
anthropize,anthropized,Past Part.,
anthropize,anthropizes,3Sg Non-Past,
anthropize,anthropize,Infinitive,
anthropize,anthropizing,Pres Part.,
antique,antiques,3Sg Non-Past,
antique,antique,Infinitive,
antique,antiquing,Pres Part.,
anxt,anxt,Infinitive,
apartheidize,apartheidizes,3Sg Non-Past,
apartheidize,apartheidize,Infinitive,
apartheidize,apartheidizing,Pres Part.,
appeall,appealling,Pres Part.,
appeall,appealls,3Sg Non-Past,
appeall,appeall,Infinitive,
apple-polish,apple-polished,Past,
apple-polish,apple-polished,Past Part.,
apple-polish,apple-polishes,3Sg Non-Past,
apple-polish,apple-polishing,Pres Part.,
apple-polish,apple-polish,Infinitive,
apprehend,apprehended,Past Part.,
apprehend,apprehending,Pres Part.,
apprehend,apprehends,3Sg Non-Past,
apprehend,apprehend,Infinitive,
approportionate,approportionates,3Sg Non-Past,
approportionate,approportionate,Infinitive,
approportionate,approportionating,Pres Part.,
Arabise,Arabised,Past,
Arabise,Arabised,Past Part.,
Arabise,Arabises,3Sg Non-Past,
Arabise,Arabise,Infinitive,
Arabise,Arabising,Pres Part.,
arace,araced,Past Part.,
arace,araces,3Sg Non-Past,
arace,arace,Infinitive,
arace,aracing,Pres Part.,
arbitrate,arbitrated,Past Part.,
arbitrate,arbitrates,3Sg Non-Past,
arbitrate,arbitrate,Infinitive,
arbitrate,arbitrating,Pres Part.,
arboresce,arboresced,Past Part.,
arboresce,arboresces,3Sg Non-Past,
arboresce,arboresce,Infinitive,
arboresce,arborescing,Pres Part.,
'arbour,'arboured,Past Part.,
'arbour,'arbourin',Pres Part.,
'arbour,'arbours,3Sg Non-Past,
'arbour,'arbour,Infinitive,
aright,arighting,Pres Part.,
aright,arights,3Sg Non-Past,
aright,aright,Infinitive,
arize,arizing,Pres Part.,
arize,aroze,Past,
aromatise,aromatising,Pres Part.,
arpeggiate,arpeggiated,Past,
arpeggiate,arpeggiated,Past Part.,
arpeggiate,arpeggiates,3Sg Non-Past,
arpeggiate,arpeggiate,Infinitive,
arpeggiate,arpeggiating,Pres Part.,
arride,arrided,Past Part.,
arride,arrides,3Sg Non-Past,
arride,arride,Infinitive,
arride,arriding,Pres Part.,
asepticize,asepticize,Infinitive,
asepticize,asepticizing,Pres Part.,
ash,ash,Infinitive,
ask,asked,Past Part.,
ask,asking,Pres Part.,
ask,asks,3Sg Non-Past,
ask,ask,Infinitive,
aspirate,aspirating,Pres Part.,
asplode,asploded,Past Part.,
asplode,asplodes,3Sg Non-Past,
asplode,asplode,Infinitive,
asplode,asploding,Pres Part.,
assay,assayed,Past Part.,
assay,assaying,Pres Part.,
assay,assays,3Sg Non-Past,
assay,assay,Infinitive,
assoilzie,assoilzed,Past,
assoilzie,assoilzed,Past Part.,
assoilzie,assoilzied,Past,
assoilzie,assoilzied,Past Part.,
assoilzie,assoilzies,3Sg Non-Past,
assoilzie,assoilzie,Infinitive,
assoilzie,assoilzing,Pres Part.,
assoilzie,assoilzying,Pres Part.,
ass-rape,ass-rape,Infinitive,
ass-rape,ass-raping,Pres Part.,
Astroturf,Astroturf,Infinitive,
atrede,atred,Past Part.,
atshoot,atshoots,3Sg Non-Past,
atshoot,atshoot,Infinitive,
atshoot,atshot,Past,
atshoot,atshot,Past Part.,
atterrate,atterrated,Past Part.,
atterrate,atterrates,3Sg Non-Past,
atterrate,atterrate,Infinitive,
atterrate,atterrating,Pres Part.,
attrite,attriting,Pres Part.,
atwite,atwites,3Sg Non-Past,
atwite,atwite,Infinitive,
atwite,atwiting,Pres Part.,
audioconference,audioconference,Infinitive,
audioconference,audioconferencing,Pres Part.,
augurate,augurated,Past Part.,
augurate,augurates,3Sg Non-Past,
augurate,augurate,Infinitive,
augurate,augurating,Pres Part.,
Australianise,Australianises,3Sg Non-Past,
Australianise,Australianise,Infinitive,
Australianise,Australianising,Pres Part.,
author,authors,3Sg Non-Past,
author,author,Infinitive,
autoamputate,autoamputated,Past Part.,
autoamputate,autoamputates,3Sg Non-Past,
autoamputate,autoamputate,Infinitive,
autoamputate,autoamputating,Pres Part.,
automount,automount,Infinitive,
autophosphorylate,autophosphorylate,Infinitive,
autophosphorylate,autophosphorylating,Pres Part.,
avile,aviling,Pres Part.,
ax,axing,Pres Part.,
ax,ax,Infinitive,
baby,babied,Past,
baby,babied,Past Part.,
baby,babies,3Sg Non-Past,
baby,babying,Pres Part.,
baby,baby,Infinitive,
baby-sit,baby-sat,Past,
baby-sit,baby-sat,Past Part.,
baby-sit,baby-sits,3Sg Non-Past,
baby-sit,baby-sitting,Pres Part.,
baby-sit,baby-sit,Infinitive,
backflush,backflushed,Past,
backflush,backflushed,Past Part.,
backflush,backflushes,3Sg Non-Past,
backflush,backflushing,Pres Part.,
backflush,backflush,Infinitive,
backfoot,backfooted,Past,
backfoot,backfooted,Past Part.,
backfoot,backfooting,Pres Part.,
backfoot,backfoots,3Sg Non-Past,
backfoot,backfoot,Infinitive,
back-form,back-forms,3Sg Non-Past,
back-form,back-form,Infinitive,
backheel,backheeling,Pres Part.,
backheel,backheels,3Sg Non-Past,
backheel,backheel,Infinitive,
backquote,backquoting,Pres Part.,
backscatter,backscattered,Past Part.,
backscatter,backscattering,Pres Part.,
backscatter,backscatters,3Sg Non-Past,
backscatter,backscatter,Infinitive,
backshift,backshifted,Past,
backshift,backshifted,Past Part.,
backshift,backshifting,Pres Part.,
backshift,backshifts,3Sg Non-Past,
backshift,backshift,Infinitive,
backsource,backsourced,Past,
backsource,backsourced,Past Part.,
backsource,backsources,3Sg Non-Past,
backsource,backsource,Infinitive,
backsource,backsourcing,Pres Part.,
backstep,backstep,Infinitive,
backtest,backtested,Past Part.,
backtest,backtesting,Pres Part.,
backtest,backtests,3Sg Non-Past,
backtest,backtest,Infinitive,
bad,bads,3Sg Non-Past,
bad,bad,Infinitive,
balance,balance,Infinitive,
balance,balancing,Pres Part.,
balderdash,balderdashed,Past,
balderdash,balderdashed,Past Part.,
balderdash,balderdashes,3Sg Non-Past,
balderdash,balderdashing,Pres Part.,
balderdash,balderdash,Infinitive,
ballad,ballad,Infinitive,
bam,bams,3Sg Non-Past,
bam,bam,Infinitive,
bandy,bandy,Infinitive,
banjo,banjo,Infinitive,
banquet,banqueting,Pres Part.,
banquet,banquets,3Sg Non-Past,
banquet,banquetted,Past,
banquet,banquetted,Past Part.,
banquet,banquetting,Pres Part.,
banquet,banquet,Infinitive,
barback,barbacked,Past,
barback,barbacked,Past Part.,
barback,barbacking,Pres Part.,
barback,barbacks,3Sg Non-Past,
barback,barback,Infinitive,
base,based,Past Part.,
base,bases,3Sg Non-Past,
base,base,Infinitive,
base,basing,Pres Part.,
bass,bass,Infinitive,
batik,batiks,3Sg Non-Past,
batik,batik,Infinitive,
bawd,bawded,Past Part.,
bawd,bawding,Pres Part.,
bawd,bawds,3Sg Non-Past,
bawd,bawd,Infinitive,
BBM,BBMed,Past,
BBM,BBMed,Past Part.,
BBM,BBMing,Pres Part.,
BBM,BBMs,3Sg Non-Past,
BBM,BBM,Infinitive,
bearhug,bearhugging,Pres Part.,
bearhug,bearhugs,3Sg Non-Past,
bearhug,bearhug,Infinitive,
bebathe,bebathes,3Sg Non-Past,
bebathe,bebathe,Infinitive,
bebathe,bebathing,Pres Part.,
beblister,beblistering,Pres Part.,
beblister,beblisters,3Sg Non-Past,
beblister,beblister,Infinitive,
beck,becked,Past,
beck,becked,Past Part.,
beck,becking,Pres Part.,
beck,becks,3Sg Non-Past,
beck,beck,Infinitive,
beclown,beclowned,Past Part.,
beclown,beclowning,Pres Part.,
beclown,beclowns,3Sg Non-Past,
beclown,beclown,Infinitive,
becolour,becoloured,Past,
becolour,becoloured,Past Part.,
becolour,becolouring,Pres Part.,
becolour,becolours,3Sg Non-Past,
becolour,becolour,Infinitive,
becrave,becraving,Pres Part.,
bedance,bedance,Infinitive,
bedance,bedancing,Pres Part.,
bedaw,bedaws,3Sg Non-Past,
bedaw,bedaw,Infinitive,
bedevil,bedevilled,Past Part.,
bedevil,bedevilling,Pres Part.,
bedevil,bedevils,3Sg Non-Past,
bedevil,bedevil,Infinitive,
bedizen,bedizened,Past,
bedizen,bedizened,Past Part.,
bedizen,bedizening,Pres Part.,
bedizen,bedizens,3Sg Non-Past,
bedizen,bedizen,Infinitive,
beeswax,beeswax,Infinitive,
befight,befights,3Sg Non-Past,
befight,befight,Infinitive,
befight,befought,Past,
befight,befought,Past Part.,
beflee,befleeing,Pres Part.,
beflee,beflees,3Sg Non-Past,
beflee,beflee,Infinitive,
befortune,befortuning,Pres Part.,
befree,befrees,3Sg Non-Past,
befree,befree,Infinitive,
befuck,befucking,Pres Part.,
befuck,befucks,3Sg Non-Past,
befuck,befuck,Infinitive,
begather,begathers,3Sg Non-Past,
begather,begather,Infinitive,
beget,begat,Past,
beget,begets,3Sg Non-Past,
beget,begetting,Pres Part.,
beget,beget,Infinitive,
beget,begotten,Past Part.,
beget,begot,Past,
begrasp,begrasped,Past,
begrasp,begrasped,Past Part.,
begrasp,begrasping,Pres Part.,
begrasp,begrasps,3Sg Non-Past,
begrasp,begrasp,Infinitive,
begrease,begreasing,Pres Part.,
begruntle,begruntle,Infinitive,
begruntle,begruntling,Pres Part.,
beguyle,beguyled,Past Part.,
beguyle,beguyles,3Sg Non-Past,
beguyle,beguyle,Infinitive,
beguyle,beguyling,Pres Part.,
behallow,behallowed,Past,
behallow,behallowed,Past Part.,
behallow,behallowing,Pres Part.,
behallow,behallows,3Sg Non-Past,
behallow,behallow,Infinitive,
beheart,behearts,3Sg Non-Past,
beheart,beheart,Infinitive,
behelp,behelping,Pres Part.,
behelp,behelps,3Sg Non-Past,
behelp,behelp,Infinitive,
behelp,beholpen,Past Part.,
behelp,beholp,Past,
behew,behewed,Past,
behew,behewing,Pres Part.,
behew,behewn,Past Part.,
behew,behews,3Sg Non-Past,
behew,behew,Infinitive,
behold,beheld,Past,
behold,beheld,Past Part.,
behold,beholden,Past Part.,
behold,beholding,Pres Part.,
behold,beholds,3Sg Non-Past,
behold,behold,Infinitive,
behope,behopes,3Sg Non-Past,
behope,behope,Infinitive,
behope,behoping,Pres Part.,
behorn,behorning,Pres Part.,
behorn,behorns,3Sg Non-Past,
behorn,behorn,Infinitive,
beleap,beleap,Infinitive,
belike,beliking,Pres Part.,
belive,belive,Infinitive,
belive,beliving,Pres Part.,
belive,belove,Past,
beload,beload,Infinitive,
beltloop,beltlooping,Pres Part.,
beltloop,beltloops,3Sg Non-Past,
beltloop,beltloop,Infinitive,
bemaul,bemaul,Infinitive,
beme,beme,Infinitive,
beme,beming,Pres Part.,
bemeet,bemeeting,Pres Part.,
bemeet,bemeets,3Sg Non-Past,
bemeet,bemeet,Infinitive,
bemeet,bemet,Past,
bemeet,bemet,Past Part.,
bemist,bemisted,Past Part.,
bemist,bemisting,Pres Part.,
bemist,bemists,3Sg Non-Past,
bemist,bemist,Infinitive,
bemock,bemocked,Past,
bemock,bemocked,Past Part.,
bemock,bemocking,Pres Part.,
bemock,bemocks,3Sg Non-Past,
bemock,bemock,Infinitive,
bemoil,bemoiled,Past,
bemoil,bemoiled,Past Part.,
bemoil,bemoiling,Pres Part.,
bemoil,bemoils,3Sg Non-Past,
bemoil,bemoil,Infinitive,
bemonster,bemonstered,Past,
bemonster,bemonstered,Past Part.,
bemonster,bemonstering,Pres Part.,
bemonster,bemonsters,3Sg Non-Past,
bemonster,bemonster,Infinitive,
beneficiate,beneficiates,3Sg Non-Past,
beneficiate,beneficiate,Infinitive,
beneficiate,beneficiating,Pres Part.,
Bengalize,Bengalized,Past,
Bengalize,Bengalized,Past Part.,
Bengalize,Bengalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
Bengalize,Bengalize,Infinitive,
Bengalize,Bengalizing,Pres Part.,
bentch,bentched,Past,
bentch,bentched,Past Part.,
bentch,bentches,3Sg Non-Past,
bentch,bentching,Pres Part.,
bentch,bentch,Infinitive,
benumb,benumbs,3Sg Non-Past,
benumb,benumb,Infinitive,
bepaint,bepaint,Infinitive,
bepelt,bepelted,Past Part.,
bepelt,bepelting,Pres Part.,
bepelt,bepelts,3Sg Non-Past,
bepelt,bepelt,Infinitive,
bepowder,bepowdered,Past Part.,
bepowder,bepowdering,Pres Part.,
bepowder,bepowders,3Sg Non-Past,
bepowder,bepowder,Infinitive,
bepuff,bepuff,Infinitive,
berate,berating,Pres Part.,
berend,berending,Pres Part.,
berend,berends,3Sg Non-Past,
berend,berend,Infinitive,
berend,berent,Past,
berend,berent,Past Part.,
besaint,besainted,Past Part.,
besaint,besainting,Pres Part.,
besaint,besaints,3Sg Non-Past,
besaint,besaint,Infinitive,
bescorch,bescorched,Past,
bescorch,bescorched,Past Part.,
bescorch,bescorches,3Sg Non-Past,
bescorch,bescorching,Pres Part.,
bescorch,bescorch,Infinitive,
bescorn,bescorn,Infinitive,
bescrawl,bescrawled,Past,
bescrawl,bescrawled,Past Part.,
bescrawl,bescrawling,Pres Part.,
bescrawl,bescrawls,3Sg Non-Past,
bescrawl,bescrawl,Infinitive,
bescumber,bescumbered,Past Part.,
bescumber,bescumbering,Pres Part.,
bescumber,bescumbers,3Sg Non-Past,
bescumber,bescumber,Infinitive,
besee,besaw,Past,
besee,beseeing,Pres Part.,
besee,beseen,Past Part.,
besee,besees,3Sg Non-Past,
besee,besee,Infinitive,
besend,besending,Pres Part.,
besend,besends,3Sg Non-Past,
besend,besend,Infinitive,
besend,besent,Past,
besend,besent,Past Part.,
beshield,beshielding,Pres Part.,
beshield,beshields,3Sg Non-Past,
beshield,beshield,Infinitive,
beshit,beshitting,Pres Part.,
beshit,beshit,Infinitive,
beshit,beshit,Past,
beshit,beshit,Past Part.,
beshoe,beshoed,Past,
beshoe,beshoed,Past Part.,
beshoe,beshoeing,Pres Part.,
beshoe,beshoes,3Sg Non-Past,
beshoe,beshoe,Infinitive,
besiege,besiege,Infinitive,
besiege,besieging,Pres Part.,
beslabber,beslabbering,Pres Part.,
beslabber,beslabbers,3Sg Non-Past,
beslabber,beslabber,Infinitive,
besmall,besmall,Infinitive,
besmear,besmeared,Past Part.,
besmear,besmearing,Pres Part.,
besmear,besmears,3Sg Non-Past,
besmear,besmear,Infinitive,
besmutch,besmutched,Past,
besmutch,besmutched,Past Part.,
besmutch,besmutches,3Sg Non-Past,
besmutch,besmutching,Pres Part.,
besmutch,besmutch,Infinitive,
besnew,besnews,3Sg Non-Past,
besnew,besnew,Infinitive,
besnuff,besnuffed,Past Part.,
besnuff,besnuffing,Pres Part.,
besnuff,besnuffs,3Sg Non-Past,
besnuff,besnuff,Infinitive,
bespin,bespin,Infinitive,
bespin,bespun,Past,
bespin,bespun,Past Part.,
besplash,besplashed,Past,
besplash,besplashed,Past Part.,
besplash,besplashes,3Sg Non-Past,
besplash,besplashing,Pres Part.,
besplash,besplash,Infinitive,
bespoil,bespoil,Infinitive,
bespread,bespread,Infinitive,
bespread,bespread,Past,
bespread,bespread,Past Part.,
besprenge,besprenges,3Sg Non-Past,
besprenge,besprenge,Infinitive,
besprenge,besprenging,Pres Part.,
besprenge,besprent,Past,
besprenge,besprent,Past Part.,
bestagger,bestagger,Infinitive,
bestain,bestains,3Sg Non-Past,
bestain,bestain,Infinitive,
bestand,bestood,Past Part.,
bestar,bestar,Infinitive,
bestrut,bestrutted,Past Part.,
bestrut,bestrutting,Pres Part.,
bestrut,bestrut,Infinitive,
beswink,beswunken,Past Part.,
beswink,beswunk,Past Part.,
beta-read,beta-read,Infinitive,
beta-read,beta-read,Past,
beta-read,beta-read,Past Part.,
betassel,betasseled,Past Part.,
betassel,betasseling,Pres Part.,
betassel,betasselled,Past,
betassel,betasselled,Past Part.,
betassel,betasselling,Pres Part.,
betassel,betassels,3Sg Non-Past,
betassel,betassel,Infinitive,
betear,betears,3Sg Non-Past,
betear,betear,Infinitive,
betear,betore,Past,
betear,betorn,Past Part.,
bethrong,bethronged,Past Part.,
bethrong,bethronging,Pres Part.,
bethrong,bethrongs,3Sg Non-Past,
bethrong,bethrong,Infinitive,
betitle,betitling,Pres Part.,
betone,betones,3Sg Non-Past,
betone,betone,Infinitive,
betone,betoning,Pres Part.,
betray,betray,Infinitive,
betroth,betrothed,Past,
betroth,betrothed,Past Part.,
betroth,betrothing,Pres Part.,
betroth,betroths,3Sg Non-Past,
betroth,betroth,Infinitive,
betrump,betrump,Infinitive,
betrumpet,betrumpeted,Past Part.,
betrumpet,betrumpeting,Pres Part.,
betrumpet,betrumpets,3Sg Non-Past,
betrumpet,betrumpet,Infinitive,
betrunk,betrunked,Past,
betrunk,betrunked,Past Part.,
betrunk,betrunking,Pres Part.,
betrunk,betrunks,3Sg Non-Past,
betrunk,betrunk,Infinitive,
better,bettered,Past,
better,bettered,Past Part.,
better,bettering,Pres Part.,
better,betters,3Sg Non-Past,
better,better,Infinitive,
bewag,bewagged,Past Part.,
bewag,bewagging,Pres Part.,
bewag,bewags,3Sg Non-Past,
bewag,bewag,Infinitive,
bewash,bewashes,3Sg Non-Past,
bewash,bewashing,Pres Part.,
bewash,bewash,Infinitive,
bewed,bewed,Past Part.,
bewend,bewent,Past,
bewend,bewent,Past Part.,
bewhape,bewhaped,Past Part.,
bewhape,bewhapes,3Sg Non-Past,
bewhape,bewhape,Infinitive,
bewhape,bewhaping,Pres Part.,
bewilder,bewildering,Pres Part.,
bewilder,bewilders,3Sg Non-Past,
bewilder,bewilder,Infinitive,
bewonder,bewondered,Past Part.,
bewonder,bewondering,Pres Part.,
bewonder,bewonders,3Sg Non-Past,
bewonder,bewonder,Infinitive,
bewrinkle,bewrinkles,3Sg Non-Past,
bewrinkle,bewrinkle,Infinitive,
bewrinkle,bewrinkling,Pres Part.,
beyearn,beyearned,Past,
beyearn,beyearned,Past Part.,
beyearn,beyearning,Pres Part.,
beyearn,beyearns,3Sg Non-Past,
beyearn,beyearn,Infinitive,
bezzle,bezzled,Past Part.,
bezzle,bezzles,3Sg Non-Past,
bezzle,bezzle,Infinitive,
bezzle,bezzling,Pres Part.,
bicycle,bicycled,Past Part.,
bicycle,bicycles,3Sg Non-Past,
bicycle,bicycle,Infinitive,
bicycle,bicycling,Pres Part.,
bigamize,bigamizing,Pres Part.,
bigfoot,bigfooting,Pres Part.,
bigfoot,bigfoots,3Sg Non-Past,
bigfoot,bigfoot,Infinitive,
biggen,biggened,Past Part.,
biggen,biggening,Pres Part.,
biggen,biggens,3Sg Non-Past,
biggen,biggen,Infinitive,
bill,billed,Past Part.,
bill,billing,Pres Part.,
bill,bills,3Sg Non-Past,
bill,bill,Infinitive,
billet,billeted,Past Part.,
billet,billeting,Pres Part.,
billet,billets,3Sg Non-Past,
billet,billetted,Past,
billet,billetted,Past Part.,
billet,billetting,Pres Part.,
billet,billet,Infinitive,
billhook,billhook,Infinitive,
billow,billowed,Past,
billow,billowed,Past Part.,
billow,billowing,Pres Part.,
billow,billows,3Sg Non-Past,
billow,billow,Infinitive,
bioactivate,bioactivated,Past Part.,
bioactivate,bioactivates,3Sg Non-Past,
bioactivate,bioactivate,Infinitive,
bioactivate,bioactivating,Pres Part.,
biograph,biograph,Infinitive,
biographise,biographised,Past,
biographise,biographised,Past Part.,
biographise,biographises,3Sg Non-Past,
biographise,biographise,Infinitive,
biographise,biographising,Pres Part.,
bioremediate,bioremediating,Pres Part.,
biotreat,biotreating,Pres Part.,
biotreat,biotreats,3Sg Non-Past,
biotreat,biotreat,Infinitive,
birch,birching,Pres Part.,
birch,birch,Infinitive,
bird,birded,Past Part.,
bird,birding,Pres Part.,
bird,birds,3Sg Non-Past,
bird,bird,Infinitive,
bird-dog,bird-dogs,3Sg Non-Past,
bird-dog,bird-dog,Infinitive,
birdie,birdieing,Pres Part.,
birdie,birdies,3Sg Non-Past,
birdie,birdie,Infinitive,
birle,birles,3Sg Non-Past,
birle,birle,Infinitive,
birle,birling,Pres Part.,
birth,births,3Sg Non-Past,
birth,birth,Infinitive,
bitmask,bitmasking,Pres Part.,
bitmask,bitmasks,3Sg Non-Past,
bitmask,bitmask,Infinitive,
bitter,bitters,3Sg Non-Past,
bitter,bitter,Infinitive,
bivy,bivying,Pres Part.,
bivy,bivys,3Sg Non-Past,
bivy,bivy,Infinitive,
black,blacking,Pres Part.,
black,blacks,3Sg Non-Past,
black,black,Infinitive,
blacklist,blacklisting,Pres Part.,
blacklist,blacklists,3Sg Non-Past,
blacklist,blacklist,Infinitive,
blameshift,blameshift,Infinitive,
blank,blanking,Pres Part.,
blank,blanks,3Sg Non-Past,
blank,blank,Infinitive,
blatter,blatter,Infinitive,
bleb,blebbing,Pres Part.,
bleb,blebs,3Sg Non-Past,
bleb,bleb,Infinitive,
bless,bless,Infinitive,
bless,blest,Past,
bless,blest,Past Part.,
b'lieve,b'lieve,Infinitive,
b'lieve,b'lieving,Pres Part.,
blike,bliked,Past,
blike,bliked,Past Part.,
blike,blikes,3Sg Non-Past,
blike,blike,Infinitive,
blike,bliking,Pres Part.,
blike,bloke,Past,
blive,bliven,Past Part.,
blive,blives,3Sg Non-Past,
blive,blive,Infinitive,
blive,bliving,Pres Part.,
blive,blove,Past,
block,blocking,Pres Part.,
block,blocks,3Sg Non-Past,
block,block,Infinitive,
bloque,bloqued,Past,
bloque,bloqued,Past Part.,
bloque,bloques,3Sg Non-Past,
bloque,bloque,Infinitive,
bloque,bloquing,Pres Part.,
blossom,blossomed,Past Part.,
blossom,blossoming,Pres Part.,
blossom,blossoms,3Sg Non-Past,
blossom,blossom,Infinitive,
blow,blowing,Pres Part.,
blow,blown,Past Part.,
blow,blows,3Sg Non-Past,
blow,blow,Infinitive,
blowdry,blowdries,3Sg Non-Past,
blowdry,blowdrying,Pres Part.,
blowdry,blowdry,Infinitive,
blue,blue,Infinitive,
blue,bluing,Pres Part.,
blurt,blurting,Pres Part.,
blurt,blurts,3Sg Non-Past,
blurt,blurt,Infinitive,
Blu-Tack,Blu-Tacked,Past Part.,
Blu-Tack,Blu-Tacking,Pres Part.,
Blu-Tack,Blu-Tacks,3Sg Non-Past,
Blu-Tack,Blu-Tack,Infinitive,
board,boarded,Past Part.,
board,boarding,Pres Part.,
board,boards,3Sg Non-Past,
board,board,Infinitive,
bodge,bodged,Past Part.,
bodge,bodges,3Sg Non-Past,
bodge,bodge,Infinitive,
bodge,bodging,Pres Part.,
bogotify,bogotifying,Pres Part.,
bogotify,bogotify,Infinitive,
bogue,bogued,Past Part.,
bogue,bogues,3Sg Non-Past,
bogue,bogue,Infinitive,
bogue,boguing,Pres Part.,
boil,boiled,Past,
boil,boiled,Past Part.,
boil,boiling,Pres Part.,
boil,boils,3Sg Non-Past,
boil,boil,Infinitive,
bolk,bolking,Pres Part.,
bolk,bolks,3Sg Non-Past,
bolk,bolk,Infinitive,
bollocks,bollocksed,Past Part.,
bollocks,bollockses,3Sg Non-Past,
bollocks,bollocksing,Pres Part.,
bollocks,bollocks,Infinitive,
bolshevize,bolshevized,Past,
bolshevize,bolshevized,Past Part.,
bolshevize,bolshevizes,3Sg Non-Past,
bolshevize,bolshevize,Infinitive,
bolshevize,bolshevizing,Pres Part.,
boo-boo,boo-boos,3Sg Non-Past,
boo-boo,boo-boo,Infinitive,
bookcross,bookcrossed,Past Part.,
bookcross,bookcrosses,3Sg Non-Past,
bookcross,bookcrossing,Pres Part.,
bookcross,bookcross,Infinitive,
boomerang,boomerang,Infinitive,
bootstrap,bootstrapping,Pres Part.,
bootstrap,bootstraps,3Sg Non-Past,
bootstrap,bootstrap,Infinitive,
border,bordered,Past Part.,
border,bordering,Pres Part.,
border,borders,3Sg Non-Past,
border,border,Infinitive,
boss,boss,Infinitive,
bost,bosted,Past Part.,
bost,bosting,Pres Part.,
bost,bosts,3Sg Non-Past,
bost,bost,Infinitive,
botrytize,botrytized,Past,
botrytize,botrytized,Past Part.,
botrytize,botrytizes,3Sg Non-Past,
botrytize,botrytize,Infinitive,
botrytize,botrytizing,Pres Part.,
bouche,bouche,Infinitive,
bouche,bouching,Pres Part.,
boulder,bouldered,Past,
boulder,bouldered,Past Part.,
boulder,bouldering,Pres Part.,
boulder,boulders,3Sg Non-Past,
boulder,boulder,Infinitive,
bounce,bounced,Past Part.,
bounce,bounces,3Sg Non-Past,
bounce,bounce,Infinitive,
bounce,bouncing,Pres Part.,
bow,bowing,Pres Part.,
bow,bows,3Sg Non-Past,
bow,bow,Infinitive,
Bowdlerise,Bowdlerising,Pres Part.,
box,boxes,3Sg Non-Past,
box,boxing,Pres Part.,
box,box,Infinitive,
brain,brain,Infinitive,
brandwash,brandwashed,Past,
brandwash,brandwashed,Past Part.,
brandwash,brandwashes,3Sg Non-Past,
brandwash,brandwashing,Pres Part.,
brandwash,brandwash,Infinitive,
braze,braze,Infinitive,
braze,brazing,Pres Part.,
breadcrumb,breadcrumbed,Past Part.,
breadcrumb,breadcrumbing,Pres Part.,
breadcrumb,breadcrumbs,3Sg Non-Past,
breadcrumb,breadcrumb,Infinitive,
breathalyse,breathalyse,Infinitive,
breathalyse,breathalysing,Pres Part.,
breathalyze,breathalyzed,Past,
breathalyze,breathalyzed,Past Part.,
breathalyze,breathalyzes,3Sg Non-Past,
breathalyze,breathalyze,Infinitive,
breathalyze,breathalyzing,Pres Part.,
breathe,breathing,Pres Part.,
breed,breeding,Pres Part.,
breed,breeds,3Sg Non-Past,
breed,breed,Infinitive,
brew,brewed,Past,
brew,brewed,Past Part.,
brew,brewing,Pres Part.,
brew,brews,3Sg Non-Past,
brew,brew,Infinitive,
bribe,bribing,Pres Part.,
brickfilm,brickfilms,3Sg Non-Past,
brickfilm,brickfilm,Infinitive,
bridle,bridling,Pres Part.,
brighten,brighten,Infinitive,
brilliantine,brilliantine,Infinitive,
brilliantine,brilliantining,Pres Part.,
brog,brogged,Past,
brog,brogged,Past Part.,
brog,brogging,Pres Part.,
brog,brogs,3Sg Non-Past,
brog,brog,Infinitive,
brominate,brominating,Pres Part.,
brown-bag,brown-bagged,Past Part.,
brown-bag,brown-bagging,Pres Part.,
brown-bag,brown-bags,3Sg Non-Past,
brown-bag,brown-bag,Infinitive,
brownnose,brownnose,Infinitive,
brownnose,brownnosing,Pres Part.,
bruise,bruise,Infinitive,
bruise,bruising,Pres Part.,
brutalise,brutalised,Past Part.,
brutalise,brutalises,3Sg Non-Past,
brutalise,brutalise,Infinitive,
brutalise,brutalising,Pres Part.,
bubble,bubbled,Past Part.,
bubble,bubbles,3Sg Non-Past,
bubble,bubble,Infinitive,
bubble,bubbling,Pres Part.,
buckler,buckler,Infinitive,
Buddhize,Buddhized,Past Part.,
Buddhize,Buddhizes,3Sg Non-Past,
Buddhize,Buddhize,Infinitive,
Buddhize,Buddhizing,Pres Part.,
bulge,bulges,3Sg Non-Past,
bulge,bulge,Infinitive,
bulge,bulging,Pres Part.,
bulldoze,bulldozing,Pres Part.,
bulldozer,bulldozering,Pres Part.,
bulldozer,bulldozers,3Sg Non-Past,
bulldozer,bulldozer,Infinitive,
bullshit,bullshitting,Pres Part.,
bullshit,bullshit,Infinitive,
bullshit,bullshit,Past,
bullshit,bullshit,Past Part.,
bullyproof,bullyproofs,3Sg Non-Past,
bullyproof,bullyproof,Infinitive,
bump,bumps,3Sg Non-Past,
bump,bump,Infinitive,
bum-rush,bum-rushed,Past Part.,
bum-rush,bum-rushes,3Sg Non-Past,
bum-rush,bum-rushing,Pres Part.,
bum-rush,bum-rush,Infinitive,
bureaucratize,bureaucratize,Infinitive,
bureaucratize,bureaucratizing,Pres Part.,
burgle,burgled,Past,
burgle,burgled,Past Part.,
burgle,burgles,3Sg Non-Past,
burgle,burgle,Infinitive,
burgle,burgling,Pres Part.,
burke,burked,Past,
burke,burked,Past Part.,
burke,burkes,3Sg Non-Past,
burke,burke,Infinitive,
burke,burking,Pres Part.,
burn-beat,burn-beats,3Sg Non-Past,
burn-beat,burn-beat,Infinitive,
bury,buried,Past Part.,
bury,buries,3Sg Non-Past,
bury,burying,Pres Part.,
bury,bury,Infinitive,
bush,bush,Infinitive,
bushwalk,bushwalked,Past Part.,
bushwalk,bushwalking,Pres Part.,
bushwalk,bushwalks,3Sg Non-Past,
bushwalk,bushwalk,Infinitive,
butcher,butchering,Pres Part.,
butcher,butchers,3Sg Non-Past,
butcher,butcher,Infinitive,
buttfuck,buttfuck,Infinitive,
butt-rape,butt-raping,Pres Part.,
buttweld,buttweld,Infinitive,
by-peep,by-peep,Infinitive,
callet,calleting,Pres Part.,
callet,callets,3Sg Non-Past,
callet,callet,Infinitive,
calque,calquing,Pres Part.,
calumniate,calumniate,Infinitive,
calumniate,calumniating,Pres Part.,
Calvinize,Calvinized,Past Part.,
Calvinize,Calvinizes,3Sg Non-Past,
Calvinize,Calvinize,Infinitive,
Calvinize,Calvinizing,Pres Part.,
Canadianize,Canadianizing,Pres Part.,
cancan,cancans,3Sg Non-Past,
cancan,cancan,Infinitive,
cancell,cancelling,Pres Part.,
cancell,cancells,3Sg Non-Past,
cancell,cancell,Infinitive,
cannonball,cannonballs,3Sg Non-Past,
cannonball,cannonball,Infinitive,
cannon,cannoning,Pres Part.,
cannon,cannons,3Sg Non-Past,
cannon,cannon,Infinitive,
canoe,canoed,Past,
canoe,canoed,Past Part.,
canoe,canoeing,Pres Part.,
canoe,canoes,3Sg Non-Past,
canoe,canoe,Infinitive,
canvas,canvasing,Pres Part.,
canvas,canvas,Infinitive,
capitulate,capitulated,Past,
capitulate,capitulated,Past Part.,
capitulate,capitulates,3Sg Non-Past,
capitulate,capitulate,Infinitive,
capitulate,capitulating,Pres Part.,
capsulize,capsulizing,Pres Part.,
carbolize,carbolizes,3Sg Non-Past,
carbolize,carbolize,Infinitive,
carbolize,carbolizing,Pres Part.,
carbon-date,carbon-dating,Pres Part.,
carbone,carboning,Pres Part.,
card-index,card-indexed,Past,
card-index,card-indexed,Past Part.,
card-index,card-indexes,3Sg Non-Past,
card-index,card-indexing,Pres Part.,
card-index,card-index,Infinitive,
caress,caressed,Past,
caress,caressed,Past Part.,
caress,caresses,3Sg Non-Past,
caress,caressing,Pres Part.,
caress,caress,Infinitive,
carjack,carjack,Infinitive,
cark,carked,Past,
cark,carked,Past Part.,
cark,carking,Pres Part.,
cark,carks,3Sg Non-Past,
cark,cark,Infinitive,
carpet-bomb,carpet-bomb,Infinitive,
cartwheel,cartwheels,3Sg Non-Past,
cartwheel,cartwheel,Infinitive,
case,case,Infinitive,
case,casing,Pres Part.,
caseharden,casehardens,3Sg Non-Past,
caseharden,caseharden,Infinitive,
cassate,cassate,Infinitive,
cassate,cassating,Pres Part.,
catalysize,catalysize,Infinitive,
catalysize,catalysizing,Pres Part.,
catch,caught,Past Part.,
categorify,categorified,Past,
categorify,categorified,Past Part.,
categorify,categorifies,3Sg Non-Past,
categorify,categorifying,Pres Part.,
categorify,categorify,Infinitive,
cater,catering,Pres Part.,
cater,caters,3Sg Non-Past,
cater,cater,Infinitive,
Catholicise,Catholicised,Past Part.,
Catholicise,Catholicises,3Sg Non-Past,
catholicise,catholicise,Infinitive,
catholicise,catholicising,Pres Part.,
cellophane,cellophaned,Past Part.,
cellophane,cellophanes,3Sg Non-Past,
cellophane,cellophane,Infinitive,
cellophane,cellophaning,Pres Part.,
cellularize,cellularized,Past Part.,
cellularize,cellularizes,3Sg Non-Past,
cellularize,cellularize,Infinitive,
cellularize,cellularizing,Pres Part.,
censour,censours,3Sg Non-Past,
censour,censour,Infinitive,
cerebralise,cerebralises,3Sg Non-Past,
cerebralise,cerebralise,Infinitive,
cerebralise,cerebralising,Pres Part.,
cham,chams,3Sg Non-Past,
cham,cham,Infinitive,
champagne,champagnes,3Sg Non-Past,
champagne,champagne,Infinitive,
champagne,champagning,Pres Part.,
champ,champs,3Sg Non-Past,
champ,champ,Infinitive,
change,changed,Past,
change,changed,Past Part.,
change,changes,3Sg Non-Past,
change,change,Infinitive,
change,changing,Pres Part.,
channel,channel,Infinitive,
chapter,chaptered,Past Part.,
chapter,chaptering,Pres Part.,
chapter,chapters,3Sg Non-Past,
chapter,chapter,Infinitive,
charbroil,charbroiled,Past Part.,
charbroil,charbroiling,Pres Part.,
charbroil,charbroils,3Sg Non-Past,
charbroil,charbroil,Infinitive,
chargrill,chargrill,Infinitive,
chastize,chastized,Past,
chastize,chastized,Past Part.,
chastize,chastizes,3Sg Non-Past,
chastize,chastize,Infinitive,
chastize,chastizing,Pres Part.,
chaunt,chaunted,Past Part.,
chaunt,chaunting,Pres Part.,
chaunt,chaunts,3Sg Non-Past,
chaunt,chaunt,Infinitive,
chaw,chawed,Past,
chaw,chawed,Past Part.,
chaw,chawing,Pres Part.,
chaw,chaws,3Sg Non-Past,
chaw,chaw,Infinitive,
cheap,cheaps,3Sg Non-Past,
cheap,cheap,Infinitive,
checksum,checksummed,Past,
checksum,checksummed,Past Part.,
checksum,checksumming,Pres Part.,
checksum,checksums,3Sg Non-Past,
checksum,checksum,Infinitive,
chelate,chelate,Infinitive,
chelate,chelating,Pres Part.,
chemicalize,chemicalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
chemicalize,chemicalize,Infinitive,
chemicalize,chemicalizing,Pres Part.,
chest,chest,Infinitive,
chevy,chevied,Past,
chevy,chevied,Past Part.,
chevy,chevies,3Sg Non-Past,
chevy,chevying,Pres Part.,
chevy,chevy,Infinitive,
chilltime,chilltimed,Past,
chilltime,chilltimed,Past Part.,
chilltime,chilltimes,3Sg Non-Past,
chilltime,chilltime,Infinitive,
chilltime,chilltiming,Pres Part.,
chime,chimes,3Sg Non-Past,
chime,chime,Infinitive,
chime,chiming,Pres Part.,
chinwag,chinwagged,Past,
chinwag,chinwagged,Past Part.,
chinwag,chinwagging,Pres Part.,
chinwag,chinwags,3Sg Non-Past,
chinwag,chinwag,Infinitive,
chip,chipped,Past,
chip,chipped,Past Part.,
chip,chipping,Pres Part.,
chip,chips,3Sg Non-Past,
chip,chip,Infinitive,
chloridize,chloridizes,3Sg Non-Past,
chloridize,chloridize,Infinitive,
chloridize,chloridizing,Pres Part.,
chlorinize,chlorinizes,3Sg Non-Past,
chlorinize,chlorinize,Infinitive,
chlorinize,chlorinizing,Pres Part.,
chloroform,chloroforming,Pres Part.,
chloroform,chloroforms,3Sg Non-Past,
chloroform,chloroform,Infinitive,
chondrify,chondrified,Past,
chondrify,chondrified,Past Part.,
chondrify,chondrifies,3Sg Non-Past,
chondrify,chondrifying,Pres Part.,
chondrify,chondrify,Infinitive,
chopper,choppers,3Sg Non-Past,
chopper,chopper,Infinitive,
chug,chug,Infinitive,
chumble,chumbling,Pres Part.,
churnalise,churnalised,Past Part.,
churnalise,churnalises,3Sg Non-Past,
churnalise,churnalise,Infinitive,
churnalise,churnalising,Pres Part.,
cinchonize,cinchonize,Infinitive,
cinchonize,cinchonizing,Pres Part.,
cinematise,cinematise,Infinitive,
cinematise,cinematising,Pres Part.,
circularize,circularized,Past Part.,
circularize,circularizes,3Sg Non-Past,
circularize,circularize,Infinitive,
circularize,circularizing,Pres Part.,
circumflex,circumflexes,3Sg Non-Past,
circumflex,circumflexing,Pres Part.,
circumflex,circumflex,Infinitive,
circumgyrate,circumgyrate,Infinitive,
circumgyrate,circumgyrating,Pres Part.,
circumnutate,circumnutates,3Sg Non-Past,
circumnutate,circumnutate,Infinitive,
circumnutate,circumnutating,Pres Part.,
circumrotate,circumrotates,3Sg Non-Past,
circumrotate,circumrotate,Infinitive,
circumrotate,circumrotating,Pres Part.,
circumstantiate,circumstantiates,3Sg Non-Past,
circumstantiate,circumstantiate,Infinitive,
circumstantiate,circumstantiating,Pres Part.,
citrate,citrates,3Sg Non-Past,
citrate,citrate,Infinitive,
citrate,citrating,Pres Part.,
claik,claiking,Pres Part.,
claik,claiks,3Sg Non-Past,
claik,claik,Infinitive,
clambake,clambaked,Past Part.,
clambake,clambakes,3Sg Non-Past,
clambake,clambake,Infinitive,
clambake,clambaking,Pres Part.,
classicise,classicised,Past,
classicise,classicised,Past Part.,
classicise,classicises,3Sg Non-Past,
classicise,classicise,Infinitive,
classicise,classicising,Pres Part.,
claw,clawed,Past,
claw,clawed,Past Part.,
claw,clawing,Pres Part.,
claw,claws,3Sg Non-Past,
claw,claw,Infinitive,
cleave,cleave,Infinitive,
cleave,cleaving,Pres Part.,
cleave,cleft,Past,
cleave,cleft,Past Part.,
cleave,cloven,Past Part.,
cleave,clove,Past,
cleck,clecked,Past Part.,
cleck,clecking,Pres Part.,
cleck,clecks,3Sg Non-Past,
cleck,cleck,Infinitive,
clem,clem,Infinitive,
clericalize,clericalized,Past Part.,
clericalize,clericalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
clericalize,clericalize,Infinitive,
clericalize,clericalizing,Pres Part.,
climate,climates,3Sg Non-Past,
climate,climate,Infinitive,
climate,climating,Pres Part.,
clip,clipt,Past Part.,
clip,clip,Infinitive,
clit,clitted,Past Part.,
clit,clitting,Pres Part.,
clit,clit,Infinitive,
clog,clog,Infinitive,
clomp,clomping,Pres Part.,
clomp,clomps,3Sg Non-Past,
clomp,clomp,Infinitive,
cloom,cloomed,Past,
cloom,cloomed,Past Part.,
cloom,clooming,Pres Part.,
cloom,clooms,3Sg Non-Past,
cloom,cloom,Infinitive,
close,closed,Past Part.,
close,closes,3Sg Non-Past,
close,close,Infinitive,
close,closing,Pres Part.,
closen,closened,Past Part.,
closen,closening,Pres Part.,
closen,closens,3Sg Non-Past,
closen,closen,Infinitive,
closet,closets,3Sg Non-Past,
closet,closet,Infinitive,
clothespin,clothespinned,Past,
clothespin,clothespinned,Past Part.,
clothespin,clothespinning,Pres Part.,
clothespin,clothespins,3Sg Non-Past,
clothespin,clothespin,Infinitive,
clumper,clumpered,Past Part.,
clumper,clumpering,Pres Part.,
clumper,clumpers,3Sg Non-Past,
clumper,clumper,Infinitive,
coagulate,coagulate,Infinitive,
coagulate,coagulating,Pres Part.,
coalize,coalizing,Pres Part.,
coarctate,coarctating,Pres Part.,
coat,coated,Past Part.,
coat,coating,Pres Part.,
coat,coats,3Sg Non-Past,
coat,coat,Infinitive,
coax,coax,Infinitive,
cockblock,cockblocked,Past,
cockblock,cockblocked,Past Part.,
cockblock,cockblocking,Pres Part.,
cockblock,cockblocks,3Sg Non-Past,
cockblock,cockblock,Infinitive,
cock,cocked,Past,
cock,cocked,Past Part.,
cock,cocking,Pres Part.,
cock,cocks,3Sg Non-Past,
cock,cock,Infinitive,
cockfight,cockfighting,Pres Part.,
cockfight,cockfight,Infinitive,
cockneyfy,cockneyfies,3Sg Non-Past,
cockneyfy,cockneyfying,Pres Part.,
cockneyfy,cockneyfy,Infinitive,
codefine,codefined,Past,
codefine,codefined,Past Part.,
codefine,codefines,3Sg Non-Past,
codefine,codefine,Infinitive,
codefine,codefining,Pres Part.,
codename,codenaming,Pres Part.,
codeshare,codeshared,Past Part.,
codeshare,codeshares,3Sg Non-Past,
codeshare,codeshare,Infinitive,
codeshare,codesharing,Pres Part.,
codesign,codesign,Infinitive,
codetermine,codetermines,3Sg Non-Past,
codetermine,codetermine,Infinitive,
codetermine,codetermining,Pres Part.,
codirect,codirects,3Sg Non-Past,
codirect,codirect,Infinitive,
co-educate,co-educated,Past Part.,
co-educate,co-educates,3Sg Non-Past,
coeducate,coeducates,3Sg Non-Past,
coeducate,coeducate,Infinitive,
coeducate,coeducating,Pres Part.,
coelute,coeluted,Past Part.,
coelute,coelutes,3Sg Non-Past,
coelute,coelute,Infinitive,
coelute,coeluting,Pres Part.,
coffer,coffered,Past,
coffer,coffered,Past Part.,
coffer,coffering,Pres Part.,
coffer,coffers,3Sg Non-Past,
coffer,coffer,Infinitive,
coffin,coffined,Past Part.,
coffin,coffining,Pres Part.,
coffin,coffins,3Sg Non-Past,
coffin,coffin,Infinitive,
cohabit,cohabiting,Pres Part.,
cohabit,cohabits,3Sg Non-Past,
cohabit,cohabit,Infinitive,
coiffeur,coiffeured,Past,
coiffeur,coiffeured,Past Part.,
coiffeur,coiffeuring,Pres Part.,
coiffeur,coiffeurs,3Sg Non-Past,
coiffeur,coiffeur,Infinitive,
coiffure,coiffured,Past,
coiffure,coiffured,Past Part.,
coiffure,coiffures,3Sg Non-Past,
coiffure,coiffure,Infinitive,
coiffure,coiffuring,Pres Part.,
coinfluence,coinfluenced,Past,
coinfluence,coinfluenced,Past Part.,
coinfluence,coinfluences,3Sg Non-Past,
coinfluence,coinfluence,Infinitive,
coinfluence,coinfluencing,Pres Part.,
cold-cock,cold-cocking,Pres Part.,
cold-cock,cold-cocks,3Sg Non-Past,
cold-cock,cold-cock,Infinitive,
coldwork,coldworked,Past Part.,
coldwork,coldworking,Pres Part.,
coldwork,coldworks,3Sg Non-Past,
coldwork,coldwork,Infinitive,
collaborate,collaborated,Past,
collaborate,collaborated,Past Part.,
collaborate,collaborates,3Sg Non-Past,
collaborate,collaborate,Infinitive,
collaborate,collaborating,Pres Part.,
colleague,colleagues,3Sg Non-Past,
colleague,colleague,Infinitive,
colleague,colleaguing,Pres Part.,
colliquate,colliquated,Past Part.,
colliquate,colliquates,3Sg Non-Past,
colliquate,colliquate,Infinitive,
colliquate,colliquating,Pres Part.,
collocate,collocated,Past Part.,
collocate,collocates,3Sg Non-Past,
collocate,collocate,Infinitive,
collocate,collocating,Pres Part.,
color-coordinate,color-coordinates,3Sg Non-Past,
color-coordinate,color-coordinate,Infinitive,
color-coordinate,color-coordinating,Pres Part.,
colour-coordinate,colour-coordinating,Pres Part.,
combine,combine,Infinitive,
combine,combining,Pres Part.,
comix,comixing,Pres Part.,
comix,comix,Infinitive,
command,commanding,Pres Part.,
command,commands,3Sg Non-Past,
command,command,Infinitive,
commend,commending,Pres Part.,
commend,commends,3Sg Non-Past,
commend,commend,Infinitive,
commercialize,commercialized,Past Part.,
commercialize,commercializes,3Sg Non-Past,
commercialize,commercialize,Infinitive,
commercialize,commercializing,Pres Part.,
comminute,comminuting,Pres Part.,
communalize,communalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
communalize,communalize,Infinitive,
communalize,communalizing,Pres Part.,
companion,companioned,Past,
companion,companioned,Past Part.,
companion,companioning,Pres Part.,
companion,companions,3Sg Non-Past,
companion,companion,Infinitive,
compesce,compesced,Past,
compesce,compesced,Past Part.,
compesce,compesces,3Sg Non-Past,
compesce,compesce,Infinitive,
compesce,compescing,Pres Part.,
complain,complained,Past,
complain,complained,Past Part.,
complain,complaining,Pres Part.,
complain,complains,3Sg Non-Past,
complain,complain,Infinitive,
complect,complected,Past Part.,
complect,complecting,Pres Part.,
complect,complects,3Sg Non-Past,
complect,complect,Infinitive,
compound,compounds,3Sg Non-Past,
compound,compound,Infinitive,
comprize,comprizes,3Sg Non-Past,
comprize,comprize,Infinitive,
comprize,comprizing,Pres Part.,
compute,compute,Infinitive,
compute,computing,Pres Part.,
conacre,conacring,Pres Part.,
conch,conching,Pres Part.,
conch,conch,Infinitive,
concorporate,concorporating,Pres Part.,
concrete,concrete,Infinitive,
concrete,concreting,Pres Part.,
concuss,concussing,Pres Part.,
concuss,concuss,Infinitive,
cond,conding,Pres Part.,
cond,conds,3Sg Non-Past,
cond,cond,Infinitive,
condite,conditing,Pres Part.,
condomize,condomized,Past Part.,
condomize,condomizes,3Sg Non-Past,
condomize,condomize,Infinitive,
condomize,condomizing,Pres Part.,
confessionalize,confessionalized,Past,
confessionalize,confessionalized,Past Part.,
confessionalize,confessionalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
confessionalize,confessionalize,Infinitive,
confessionalize,confessionalizing,Pres Part.,
confirme,confirme,Infinitive,
confirme,confirming,Pres Part.,
confuddle,confuddle,Infinitive,
confuddle,confuddling,Pres Part.,
confuscate,confuscate,Infinitive,
confuscate,confuscating,Pres Part.,
confuzzle,confuzzled,Past,
confuzzle,confuzzled,Past Part.,
confuzzle,confuzzles,3Sg Non-Past,
confuzzle,confuzzle,Infinitive,
confuzzle,confuzzling,Pres Part.,
conga,congaed,Past,
conga,congaed,Past Part.,
conga,congaing,Pres Part.,
conga,congas,3Sg Non-Past,
conga,conga,Infinitive,
conglaciate,conglaciates,3Sg Non-Past,
conglaciate,conglaciate,Infinitive,
conglaciate,conglaciating,Pres Part.,
congratulate,congratulate,Infinitive,
congratulate,congratulating,Pres Part.,
congrue,congrue,Infinitive,
congrue,congruing,Pres Part.,
conjecture,conjectures,3Sg Non-Past,
conjecture,conjecture,Infinitive,
conjecture,conjecturing,Pres Part.,
connex,connex,Infinitive,
connote,connoted,Past,
connote,connoted,Past Part.,
connote,connotes,3Sg Non-Past,
connote,connote,Infinitive,
connote,connoting,Pres Part.,
conquest,conquesting,Pres Part.,
conquest,conquests,3Sg Non-Past,
conquest,conquest,Infinitive,
cons,conses,3Sg Non-Past,
cons,consing,Pres Part.,
cons,cons,Infinitive,
consense,consensing,Pres Part.,
consign,consigning,Pres Part.,
consign,consigns,3Sg Non-Past,
consign,consign,Infinitive,
consociate,consociated,Past Part.,
consociate,consociates,3Sg Non-Past,
consociate,consociate,Infinitive,
consociate,consociating,Pres Part.,
consolidate,consolidated,Past Part.,
consolidate,consolidates,3Sg Non-Past,
consolidate,consolidate,Infinitive,
consolidate,consolidating,Pres Part.,
constuprate,constuprated,Past Part.,
constuprate,constuprates,3Sg Non-Past,
constuprate,constuprate,Infinitive,
constuprate,constuprating,Pres Part.,
consume,consumed,Past,
consume,consumed,Past Part.,
consume,consumes,3Sg Non-Past,
consume,consume,Infinitive,
consume,consuming,Pres Part.,
containerise,containerised,Past,
containerise,containerised,Past Part.,
containerise,containerises,3Sg Non-Past,
containerise,containerise,Infinitive,
containerise,containerising,Pres Part.,
contest,contested,Past Part.,
contest,contesting,Pres Part.,
contest,contests,3Sg Non-Past,
contest,contest,Infinitive,
contex,contexes,3Sg Non-Past,
contex,contexing,Pres Part.,
contex,contex,Infinitive,
conturb,conturbs,3Sg Non-Past,
conturb,conturb,Infinitive,
converge,converging,Pres Part.,
conveyance,conveyances,3Sg Non-Past,
conveyance,conveyance,Infinitive,
conveyance,conveyancing,Pres Part.,
conveyorize,conveyorizing,Pres Part.,
convolve,convolves,3Sg Non-Past,
convolve,convolve,Infinitive,
convolve,convolving,Pres Part.,
cony-catch,cony-caught,Past Part.,
coordain,coordained,Past Part.,
coordain,coordaining,Pres Part.,
coordain,coordains,3Sg Non-Past,
coordain,coordain,Infinitive,
coordinate,coordinate,Infinitive,
co-ordinate,co-ordinating,Pres Part.,
cop,copped,Past Part.,
cop,copping,Pres Part.,
cop,cops,3Sg Non-Past,
cop,cop,Infinitive,
cophin,cophined,Past Part.,
cophin,cophining,Pres Part.,
cophin,cophins,3Sg Non-Past,
cophin,cophin,Infinitive,
copy-paste,copy-paste,Infinitive,
copy-paste,copy-pasting,Pres Part.,
copywrite,copywriting,Pres Part.,
copywrite,copywritten,Past Part.,
copywrite,copywrote,Past,
coralize,coralized,Past,
coralize,coralized,Past Part.,
coralize,coralizes,3Sg Non-Past,
coralize,coralize,Infinitive,
coralize,coralizing,Pres Part.,
cornute,cornuting,Pres Part.,
corporate,corporating,Pres Part.,
corporatize,corporatized,Past Part.,
corporatize,corporatizes,3Sg Non-Past,
corporatize,corporatize,Infinitive,
corporatize,corporatizing,Pres Part.,
corporealise,corporealising,Pres Part.,
corporify,corporify,Infinitive,
corset,corsetted,Past Part.,
corset,corsetting,Pres Part.,
corset,corset,Infinitive,
cosegregate,cosegregate,Infinitive,
cosegregate,cosegregating,Pres Part.,
co-sign,co-signed,Past,
co-sign,co-signed,Past Part.,
co-sign,co-signing,Pres Part.,
co-sign,co-signs,3Sg Non-Past,
co-sign,co-sign,Infinitive,
cosleep,coslept,Past Part.,
cosplay,cosplaying,Pres Part.,
cosplay,cosplays,3Sg Non-Past,
cosplay,cosplay,Infinitive,
couch,couched,Past Part.,
couch,couches,3Sg Non-Past,
couch,couching,Pres Part.,
couch,couch,Infinitive,
countenaunce,countenaunced,Past,
countenaunce,countenaunced,Past Part.,
countenaunce,countenaunces,3Sg Non-Past,
countenaunce,countenaunce,Infinitive,
countenaunce,countenauncing,Pres Part.,
counterassert,counterassert,Infinitive,
countercheck,counterchecked,Past,
countercheck,counterchecked,Past Part.,
countercheck,counterchecking,Pres Part.,
countercheck,counterchecks,3Sg Non-Past,
countercheck,countercheck,Infinitive,
countermand,countermand,Infinitive,
countermure,countermure,Infinitive,
countermure,countermuring,Pres Part.,
counterpressure,counterpressured,Past Part.,
counterpressure,counterpressures,3Sg Non-Past,
counterpressure,counterpressure,Infinitive,
counterpressure,counterpressuring,Pres Part.,
counterprogram,counterprogrammed,Past,
counterprogram,counterprogrammed,Past Part.,
counterprogram,counterprogramming,Pres Part.,
counterprogram,counterprograms,3Sg Non-Past,
counterprogram,counterprogram,Infinitive,
counterpunch,counterpunched,Past,
counterpunch,counterpunched,Past Part.,
counterpunch,counterpunches,3Sg Non-Past,
counterpunch,counterpunching,Pres Part.,
counterpunch,counterpunch,Infinitive,
courb,courbs,3Sg Non-Past,
courb,courb,Infinitive,
courier,couriered,Past,
courier,couriered,Past Part.,
courier,couriering,Pres Part.,
courier,couriers,3Sg Non-Past,
courier,courier,Infinitive,
covary,covaried,Past,
covary,covaried,Past Part.,
covary,covaries,3Sg Non-Past,
covary,covarying,Pres Part.,
covary,covary,Infinitive,
cove,coved,Past Part.,
cove,coves,3Sg Non-Past,
cove,cove,Infinitive,
cove,coving,Pres Part.,
covenant,covenanting,Pres Part.,
covenant,covenants,3Sg Non-Past,
covenant,covenant,Infinitive,
covet,covet,Infinitive,
cowardize,cowardized,Past,
cowardize,cowardized,Past Part.,
cowardize,cowardizes,3Sg Non-Past,
cowardize,cowardize,Infinitive,
cowardize,cowardizing,Pres Part.,
cozy,cozied,Past Part.,
cozy,cozies,3Sg Non-Past,
cozy,cozying,Pres Part.,
cozy,cozy,Infinitive,
craigslist,craigslisted,Past Part.,
craigslist,craigslisting,Pres Part.,
craigslist,craigslists,3Sg Non-Past,
craigslist,craigslist,Infinitive,
cranch,cranching,Pres Part.,
cranch,cranch,Infinitive,
cranny,crannies,3Sg Non-Past,
cranny,crannying,Pres Part.,
cranny,cranny,Infinitive,
crap,crapped,Past Part.,
crap,crapping,Pres Part.,
crap,craps,3Sg Non-Past,
crap,crap,Infinitive,
crash,crashed,Past,
crash,crashed,Past Part.,
crash,crashes,3Sg Non-Past,
crash,crashing,Pres Part.,
crash,crash,Infinitive,
crate,crated,Past Part.,
crate,crates,3Sg Non-Past,
crate,crate,Infinitive,
crate,crating,Pres Part.,
craw,crawed,Past,
craw,crawed,Past Part.,
craw,crawing,Pres Part.,
craw,craws,3Sg Non-Past,
craw,craw,Infinitive,
crawfish,crawfish,Infinitive,
crease,creased,Past,
crease,creased,Past Part.,
crease,creases,3Sg Non-Past,
crease,crease,Infinitive,
crease,creasing,Pres Part.,
credential,credentialling,Pres Part.,
credential,credentials,3Sg Non-Past,
credential,credential,Infinitive,
crenelate,crenelated,Past,
crenelate,crenelated,Past Part.,
crenelate,crenelates,3Sg Non-Past,
crenelate,crenelate,Infinitive,
crenelate,crenelating,Pres Part.,
cringe,cringe,Infinitive,
cringe,cringing,Pres Part.,
crizzle,crizzling,Pres Part.,
Croatianise,Croatianise,Infinitive,
Croatianise,Croatianising,Pres Part.,
crome,cromes,3Sg Non-Past,
crome,crome,Infinitive,
crome,croming,Pres Part.,
cronk,cronked,Past,
cronk,cronked,Past Part.,
cronk,cronking,Pres Part.,
cronk,cronks,3Sg Non-Past,
cronk,cronk,Infinitive,
croquet,croqueted,Past Part.,
croquet,croqueting,Pres Part.,
croquet,croquets,3Sg Non-Past,
croquet,croquet,Infinitive,
crossclaim,crossclaim,Infinitive,
cross-contaminate,cross-contaminated,Past Part.,
cross-contaminate,cross-contaminates,3Sg Non-Past,
cross-contaminate,cross-contaminate,Infinitive,
cross-contaminate,cross-contaminating,Pres Part.,
cross,crossed,Past Part.,
cross,crosses,3Sg Non-Past,
cross,crossing,Pres Part.,
cross,cross,Infinitive,
crossfade,crossfaded,Past Part.,
crossfade,crossfades,3Sg Non-Past,
crossfade,crossfade,Infinitive,
crossfade,crossfading,Pres Part.,
crossgrade,crossgraded,Past,
crossgrade,crossgraded,Past Part.,
crossgrade,crossgrades,3Sg Non-Past,
crossgrade,crossgrade,Infinitive,
crossgrade,crossgrading,Pres Part.,
crosslink,crosslinked,Past,
crosslink,crosslinked,Past Part.,
crosslink,crosslinking,Pres Part.,
crosslink,crosslinks,3Sg Non-Past,
crosslink,crosslink,Infinitive,
crossmatch,crossmatching,Pres Part.,
crossmatch,crossmatch,Infinitive,
crossprime,crossprime,Infinitive,
crossprime,crosspriming,Pres Part.,
crowd,crowded,Past Part.,
crowd,crowding,Pres Part.,
crowd,crowds,3Sg Non-Past,
crowd,crowd,Infinitive,
crudle,crudles,3Sg Non-Past,
crudle,crudle,Infinitive,
crudle,crudling,Pres Part.,
crump,crump,Infinitive,
crunk,crunked,Past,
crunk,crunked,Past Part.,
crunk,crunking,Pres Part.,
crunk,crunks,3Sg Non-Past,
crunk,crunk,Infinitive,
crust,crusting,Pres Part.,
crust,crusts,3Sg Non-Past,
crust,crust,Infinitive,
crystalise,crystalised,Past,
crystalise,crystalised,Past Part.,
crystalise,crystalises,3Sg Non-Past,
crystalise,crystalise,Infinitive,
crystalise,crystalising,Pres Part.,
crystallize,crystallized,Past Part.,
crystallize,crystallizes,3Sg Non-Past,
crystallize,crystallize,Infinitive,
crystallize,crystallizing,Pres Part.,
cuff,cuffed,Past Part.,
cuff,cuffing,Pres Part.,
cuff,cuffs,3Sg Non-Past,
cuff,cuff,Infinitive,
culminate,culminate,Infinitive,
culminate,culminating,Pres Part.,
cun,cunning,Pres Part.,
cun,cuns,3Sg Non-Past,
cun,cun,Infinitive,
curtain,curtained,Past,
curtain,curtained,Past Part.,
curtain,curtaining,Pres Part.,
curtain,curtains,3Sg Non-Past,
curtain,curtain,Infinitive,
curve,curving,Pres Part.,
cutify,cutifies,3Sg Non-Past,
cutify,cutifying,Pres Part.,
cutify,cutify,Infinitive,
cybersex,cybersexed,Past Part.,
cybersex,cybersexes,3Sg Non-Past,
cybersex,cybersexing,Pres Part.,
cybersex,cybersex,Infinitive,
cycloisomerize,cycloisomerized,Past Part.,
cycloisomerize,cycloisomerizes,3Sg Non-Past,
cycloisomerize,cycloisomerize,Infinitive,
cycloisomerize,cycloisomerizing,Pres Part.,
cyclomerize,cyclomerize,Infinitive,
cyclomerize,cyclomerizing,Pres Part.,
cyclotetramerize,cyclotetramerizes,3Sg Non-Past,
cyclotetramerize,cyclotetramerize,Infinitive,
cyclotetramerize,cyclotetramerizing,Pres Part.,
cyclotrimerize,cyclotrimerized,Past,
cyclotrimerize,cyclotrimerized,Past Part.,
cyclotrimerize,cyclotrimerizes,3Sg Non-Past,
cyclotrimerize,cyclotrimerize,Infinitive,
cyclotrimerize,cyclotrimerizing,Pres Part.,
dabble,dabble,Infinitive,
dabble,dabbling,Pres Part.,
dab,dabbing,Pres Part.,
dab,dabs,3Sg Non-Past,
dab,dab,Infinitive,
dack,dack,Infinitive,
dade,dade,Infinitive,
dade,dading,Pres Part.,
dagger,daggers,3Sg Non-Past,
dagger,dagger,Infinitive,
dam,dammed,Past,
dam,dammed,Past Part.,
dam,damming,Pres Part.,
dam,dams,3Sg Non-Past,
dam,dam,Infinitive,
damp,damp,Infinitive,
dang,danged,Past,
dang,danged,Past Part.,
dang,danging,Pres Part.,
dang,dangs,3Sg Non-Past,
dang,dang,Infinitive,
dangle,dangled,Past Part.,
dangle,dangles,3Sg Non-Past,
dangle,dangle,Infinitive,
dangle,dangling,Pres Part.,
dare,dared,Past,
dare,dared,Past Part.,
dare,dares,3Sg Non-Past,
dare,dare,3Sg Non-Past,
dare,dare,Infinitive,
dare,daring,Pres Part.,
dass,dassed,Past,
dass,dassed,Past Part.,
dass,dasses,3Sg Non-Past,
dass,dassing,Pres Part.,
dass,dass,Infinitive,
dastard,dastarding,Pres Part.,
dastard,dastards,3Sg Non-Past,
dastard,dastard,Infinitive,
dateline,datelining,Pres Part.,
dawk,dawked,Past Part.,
dawk,dawking,Pres Part.,
dawk,dawks,3Sg Non-Past,
dawk,dawk,Infinitive,
deaccent,deaccents,3Sg Non-Past,
deaccent,deaccent,Infinitive,
deacon,deacons,3Sg Non-Past,
deacon,deacon,Infinitive,
deadhead,deadheading,Pres Part.,
deadhead,deadheads,3Sg Non-Past,
deadhead,deadhead,Infinitive,
deafferent,deafferents,3Sg Non-Past,
deafferent,deafferent,Infinitive,
deaminate,deaminated,Past Part.,
deaminate,deaminates,3Sg Non-Past,
deaminate,deaminate,Infinitive,
deaminate,deaminating,Pres Part.,
deaurate,deaurated,Past Part.,
deaurate,deaurates,3Sg Non-Past,
deaurate,deaurate,Infinitive,
deaurate,deaurating,Pres Part.,
deauthorize,deauthorizes,3Sg Non-Past,
deauthorize,deauthorize,Infinitive,
deauthorize,deauthorizing,Pres Part.,
deaverage,deaveraged,Past Part.,
deaverage,deaverages,3Sg Non-Past,
deaverage,deaverage,Infinitive,
deaverage,deaveraging,Pres Part.,
deballast,deballasting,Pres Part.,
deballast,deballasts,3Sg Non-Past,
deballast,deballast,Infinitive,
deball,deballed,Past Part.,
deball,deballing,Pres Part.,
deball,deballs,3Sg Non-Past,
deball,deball,Infinitive,
debeard,debeard,Infinitive,
debellate,debellating,Pres Part.,
deblend,deblended,Past Part.,
deblend,deblending,Pres Part.,
deblend,deblends,3Sg Non-Past,
deblend,deblend,Infinitive,
debounce,debounces,3Sg Non-Past,
debounce,debounce,Infinitive,
debounce,debouncing,Pres Part.,
debrain,debrained,Past Part.,
debrain,debraining,Pres Part.,
debrain,debrains,3Sg Non-Past,
debrain,debrain,Infinitive,
debranch,debranching,Pres Part.,
debranch,debranch,Infinitive,
debrand,debranded,Past,
debrand,debranded,Past Part.,
debrand,debranding,Pres Part.,
debrand,debrands,3Sg Non-Past,
debrand,debrand,Infinitive,
debruise,debruised,Past,
debruise,debruised,Past Part.,
debruise,debruises,3Sg Non-Past,
debruise,debruise,Infinitive,
debruise,debruising,Pres Part.,
debug,debugs,3Sg Non-Past,
debug,debug,Infinitive,
deburse,debursing,Pres Part.,
decant,decanting,Pres Part.,
decant,decants,3Sg Non-Past,
decant,decant,Infinitive,
decapacitate,decapacitate,Infinitive,
decapacitate,decapacitating,Pres Part.,
decarbonize,decarbonize,Infinitive,
decarbonize,decarbonizing,Pres Part.,
decarboxylate,decarboxylated,Past Part.,
decarboxylate,decarboxylates,3Sg Non-Past,
decarboxylate,decarboxylate,Infinitive,
decarboxylate,decarboxylating,Pres Part.,
decard,decarded,Past,
decard,decarded,Past Part.,
decard,decarding,Pres Part.,
decard,decards,3Sg Non-Past,
decard,decard,Infinitive,
decease,deceased,Past Part.,
decease,deceases,3Sg Non-Past,
decease,decease,Infinitive,
decease,deceasing,Pres Part.,
decenter,decentering,Pres Part.,
decenter,decenters,3Sg Non-Past,
decenter,decenter,Infinitive,
decentralize,decentralize,Infinitive,
decentralize,decentralizing,Pres Part.,
decerebrate,decerebrating,Pres Part.,
de-Christianise,de-Christianised,Past,
de-Christianise,de-Christianised,Past Part.,
de-Christianise,de-Christianises,3Sg Non-Past,
de-Christianise,de-Christianise,Infinitive,
de-Christianise,de-Christianising,Pres Part.,
dechristianize,dechristianize,Infinitive,
dechristianize,dechristianizing,Pres Part.,
decivilise,decivilised,Past Part.,
decivilise,decivilises,3Sg Non-Past,
decivilise,decivilise,Infinitive,
decivilise,decivilising,Pres Part.,
decivilize,decivilizes,3Sg Non-Past,
decivilize,decivilize,Infinitive,
decivilize,decivilizing,Pres Part.,
declamate,declamated,Past Part.,
declamate,declamates,3Sg Non-Past,
declamate,declamate,Infinitive,
declamate,declamating,Pres Part.,
decock,decock,Infinitive,
decommission,decommissioned,Past Part.,
decommission,decommissioning,Pres Part.,
decommission,decommissions,3Sg Non-Past,
decommission,decommission,Infinitive,
decon,decon,Infinitive,
deconflict,deconflicts,3Sg Non-Past,
deconflict,deconflict,Infinitive,
decongest,decongesting,Pres Part.,
decongest,decongests,3Sg Non-Past,
decongest,decongest,Infinitive,
decorticate,decorticates,3Sg Non-Past,
decorticate,decorticate,Infinitive,
decorticate,decorticating,Pres Part.,
decoy,decoy,Infinitive,
decrassify,decrassifying,Pres Part.,
decrassify,decrassify,Infinitive,
decrease,decreased,Past Part.,
decrease,decreases,3Sg Non-Past,
decrease,decrease,Infinitive,
decrease,decreasing,Pres Part.,
decrement,decrementing,Pres Part.,
decrement,decrements,3Sg Non-Past,
decrement,decrement,Infinitive,
decrescendo,decrescendo,Infinitive,
decunt,decunting,Pres Part.,
decunt,decunts,3Sg Non-Past,
decunt,decunt,Infinitive,
decuple,decuples,3Sg Non-Past,
decuple,decuple,Infinitive,
decuple,decupling,Pres Part.,
decussate,decussated,Past,
decussate,decussated,Past Part.,
decussate,decussates,3Sg Non-Past,
decussate,decussate,Infinitive,
decussate,decussating,Pres Part.,
dedent,dedenting,Pres Part.,
dedent,dedents,3Sg Non-Past,
dedent,dedent,Infinitive,
dedisperse,dedisperse,Infinitive,
dedisperse,dedispersing,Pres Part.,
de,diz,3Sg Non-Past,
dedramatize,dedramatize,Infinitive,
dedramatize,dedramatizing,Pres Part.,
deejay,deejayed,Past,
deejay,deejayed,Past Part.,
deejay,deejaying,Pres Part.,
deejay,deejays,3Sg Non-Past,
deejay,deejay,Infinitive,
deep-copy,deep-copied,Past,
deep-copy,deep-copied,Past Part.,
deep-copy,deep-copies,3Sg Non-Past,
deep-copy,deep-copying,Pres Part.,
deep-copy,deep-copy,Infinitive,
deep-fry,deep-frying,Pres Part.,
deep-fry,deep-fry,Infinitive,
deface,deface,Infinitive,
deface,defacing,Pres Part.,
defalcate,defalcate,Infinitive,
defalcate,defalcating,Pres Part.,
defib,defibbing,Pres Part.,
defib,defibs,3Sg Non-Past,
defib,defib,Infinitive,
defigure,defigure,Infinitive,
defigure,defiguring,Pres Part.,
deflate,deflates,3Sg Non-Past,
deflate,deflate,Infinitive,
deflate,deflating,Pres Part.,
defrag,defragged,Past Part.,
defrag,defragging,Pres Part.,
defrag,defrags,3Sg Non-Past,
defrag,defrag,Infinitive,
defriend,defriended,Past,
defriend,defriended,Past Part.,
defriend,defriending,Pres Part.,
defriend,defriends,3Sg Non-Past,
defriend,defriend,Infinitive,
deg,deg,Infinitive,
deglobalise,deglobalised,Past,
deglobalise,deglobalised,Past Part.,
deglobalise,deglobalises,3Sg Non-Past,
deglobalise,deglobalise,Infinitive,
deglobalise,deglobalising,Pres Part.,
degum,degumming,Pres Part.,
degum,degums,3Sg Non-Past,
degum,degum,Infinitive,
dehull,dehull,Infinitive,
dehumanize,dehumanizing,Pres Part.,
deify,deify,Infinitive,
deign,deigns,3Sg Non-Past,
deign,deign,Infinitive,
deionise,deionised,Past,
deionise,deionised,Past Part.,
deionise,deionises,3Sg Non-Past,
deionise,deionise,Infinitive,
deionise,deionising,Pres Part.,
dejargonize,dejargonized,Past,
dejargonize,dejargonized,Past Part.,
dejargonize,dejargonizes,3Sg Non-Past,
dejargonize,dejargonize,Infinitive,
dejargonize,dejargonizing,Pres Part.,
dejunk,dejunking,Pres Part.,
dejunk,dejunks,3Sg Non-Past,
dejunk,dejunk,Infinitive,
deke,deked,Past,
deke,deked,Past Part.,
deke,dekes,3Sg Non-Past,
deke,deke,Infinitive,
deke,deking,Pres Part.,
delay,delayed,Past Part.,
delay,delaying,Pres Part.,
delay,delays,3Sg Non-Past,
delay,delay,Infinitive,
delegitimize,delegitimize,Infinitive,
delegitimize,delegitimizing,Pres Part.,
deleverage,deleveraged,Past Part.,
deleverage,deleverages,3Sg Non-Past,
deleverage,deleverage,Infinitive,
deleverage,deleveraging,Pres Part.,
delibate,delibates,3Sg Non-Past,
delibate,delibate,Infinitive,
delibate,delibating,Pres Part.,
delibrate,delibrated,Past,
delibrate,delibrated,Past Part.,
delibrate,delibrates,3Sg Non-Past,
delibrate,delibrate,Infinitive,
delibrate,delibrating,Pres Part.,
delight,delighting,Pres Part.,
delight,delights,3Sg Non-Past,
delight,delight,Infinitive,
delimb,delimbing,Pres Part.,
delimb,delimbs,3Sg Non-Past,
delimb,delimb,Infinitive,
deliminate,deliminate,Infinitive,
deliminate,deliminating,Pres Part.,
deliquiate,deliquiated,Past Part.,
deliquiate,deliquiates,3Sg Non-Past,
deliquiate,deliquiate,Infinitive,
deliquiate,deliquiating,Pres Part.,
demephitize,demephitized,Past Part.,
demephitize,demephitizes,3Sg Non-Past,
demephitize,demephitize,Infinitive,
demephitize,demephitizing,Pres Part.,
demethylate,demethylates,3Sg Non-Past,
demethylate,demethylate,Infinitive,
demethylate,demethylating,Pres Part.,
demine,demine,Infinitive,
demine,demining,Pres Part.,
demobilise,demobilise,Infinitive,
demobilise,demobilising,Pres Part.,
demonopolize,demonopolized,Past Part.,
demonopolize,demonopolizes,3Sg Non-Past,
demonopolize,demonopolize,Infinitive,
demonopolize,demonopolizing,Pres Part.,
demosaic,demosaicking,Pres Part.,
demosaic,demosaics,3Sg Non-Past,
demosaic,demosaic,Infinitive,
demount,demount,Infinitive,
demure,demures,3Sg Non-Past,
demure,demure,Infinitive,
demure,demuring,Pres Part.,
deneutralize,deneutralizing,Pres Part.,
denizen,denizen,Infinitive,
denude,denuded,Past Part.,
denude,denudes,3Sg Non-Past,
denude,denude,Infinitive,
denude,denuding,Pres Part.,
deodorise,deodorised,Past Part.,
deodorise,deodorises,3Sg Non-Past,
deodorise,deodorise,Infinitive,
deodorise,deodorising,Pres Part.,
deoptimize,deoptimized,Past Part.,
deoptimize,deoptimizes,3Sg Non-Past,
deoptimize,deoptimize,Infinitive,
deoptimize,deoptimizing,Pres Part.,
deorphanize,deorphanized,Past Part.,
deorphanize,deorphanizes,3Sg Non-Past,
deorphanize,deorphanize,Infinitive,
deorphanize,deorphanizing,Pres Part.,
depathologize,depathologizing,Pres Part.,
depersonalise,depersonalise,Infinitive,
depersonalise,depersonalising,Pres Part.,
depetal,depetal,Infinitive,
deplore,deplores,3Sg Non-Past,
deplore,deplore,Infinitive,
deplore,deploring,Pres Part.,
deplume,deplumed,Past Part.,
deplume,deplumes,3Sg Non-Past,
deplume,deplume,Infinitive,
deplume,depluming,Pres Part.,
depose,deposed,Past,
depose,deposed,Past Part.,
depose,deposes,3Sg Non-Past,
depose,depose,Infinitive,
depose,deposing,Pres Part.,
deprehend,deprehended,Past,
deprehend,deprehended,Past Part.,
deprehend,deprehending,Pres Part.,
deprehend,deprehends,3Sg Non-Past,
deprehend,deprehend,Infinitive,
deprivilege,deprivileges,3Sg Non-Past,
deprivilege,deprivilege,Infinitive,
deprivilege,deprivileging,Pres Part.,
deprofessionalize,deprofessionalize,Infinitive,
deprofessionalize,deprofessionalizing,Pres Part.,
deprovincialize,deprovincialized,Past Part.,
deprovincialize,deprovincializes,3Sg Non-Past,
deprovincialize,deprovincialize,Infinitive,
deprovincialize,deprovincializing,Pres Part.,
depute,deputing,Pres Part.,
dequantitate,dequantitating,Pres Part.,
derandomize,derandomizes,3Sg Non-Past,
derandomize,derandomize,Infinitive,
derandomize,derandomizing,Pres Part.,
derat,deratted,Past Part.,
derat,deratting,Pres Part.,
derat,derat,Infinitive,
derate,derated,Past Part.,
derate,derates,3Sg Non-Past,
derate,derate,Infinitive,
derate,derating,Pres Part.,
derecognize,derecognized,Past,
derecognize,derecognized,Past Part.,
derecognize,derecognizes,3Sg Non-Past,
derecognize,derecognize,Infinitive,
derecognize,derecognizing,Pres Part.,
dereplicate,dereplicating,Pres Part.,
derepress,derepressed,Past Part.,
derepress,derepresses,3Sg Non-Past,
derepress,derepressing,Pres Part.,
derepress,derepress,Infinitive,
deride,derided,Past Part.,
deride,derides,3Sg Non-Past,
deride,deride,Infinitive,
deride,deriding,Pres Part.,
derne,derne,Infinitive,
derne,derning,Pres Part.,
derograte,derograted,Past,
derograte,derograted,Past Part.,
derograte,derogrates,3Sg Non-Past,
derograte,derograte,Infinitive,
derograte,derograting,Pres Part.,
deromanticise,deromanticise,Infinitive,
deromanticise,deromanticising,Pres Part.,
desacralize,desacralized,Past Part.,
desacralize,desacralizes,3Sg Non-Past,
desacralize,desacralize,Infinitive,
desacralize,desacralizing,Pres Part.,
desaturate,desaturate,Infinitive,
desaturate,desaturating,Pres Part.,
descant,descants,3Sg Non-Past,
descant,descant,Infinitive,
desert,desert,Infinitive,
desex,desexed,Past Part.,
desex,desexes,3Sg Non-Past,
desex,desexing,Pres Part.,
desex,desex,Infinitive,
desilver,desilvered,Past Part.,
desilver,desilvering,Pres Part.,
desilver,desilvers,3Sg Non-Past,
desilver,desilver,Infinitive,
desilylate,desilylated,Past,
desilylate,desilylated,Past Part.,
desilylate,desilylates,3Sg Non-Past,
desilylate,desilylate,Infinitive,
desilylate,desilylating,Pres Part.,
desocialise,desocialised,Past Part.,
desocialise,desocialises,3Sg Non-Past,
desocialise,desocialise,Infinitive,
desocialise,desocialising,Pres Part.,
desolate,desolate,Infinitive,
desolate,desolating,Pres Part.,
desorb,desorbed,Past,
desorb,desorbed,Past Part.,
desorb,desorbing,Pres Part.,
desorb,desorbs,3Sg Non-Past,
desorb,desorb,Infinitive,
despeckle,despeckled,Past,
despeckle,despeckled,Past Part.,
despeckle,despeckles,3Sg Non-Past,
despeckle,despeckle,Infinitive,
despeckle,despeckling,Pres Part.,
despond,desponds,3Sg Non-Past,
despond,despond,Infinitive,
despotize,despotizing,Pres Part.,
despread,despreading,Pres Part.,
despread,despreads,3Sg Non-Past,
despread,despread,Infinitive,
despread,despread,Past,
despread,despread,Past Part.,
destandardise,destandardised,Past,
destandardise,destandardised,Past Part.,
destandardise,destandardises,3Sg Non-Past,
destandardise,destandardise,Infinitive,
destandardise,destandardising,Pres Part.,
destinate,destinates,3Sg Non-Past,
destinate,destinate,Infinitive,
destinate,destinating,Pres Part.,
desugar,desugaring,Pres Part.,
desugar,desugars,3Sg Non-Past,
desugar,desugar,Infinitive,
deSUMOylate,deSUMOylate,Infinitive,
deSUMOylate,deSUMOylating,Pres Part.,
detail,detailing,Pres Part.,
detail,details,3Sg Non-Past,
detail,detail,Infinitive,
detassel,detasselling,Pres Part.,
detassel,detassels,3Sg Non-Past,
detassel,detassel,Infinitive,
determinate,determinates,3Sg Non-Past,
determinate,determinate,Infinitive,
determinate,determinating,Pres Part.,
dethronize,dethronized,Past Part.,
dethronize,dethronizes,3Sg Non-Past,
dethronize,dethronize,Infinitive,
dethronize,dethronizing,Pres Part.,
detrend,detrended,Past Part.,
detrend,detrending,Pres Part.,
detrend,detrends,3Sg Non-Past,
detrend,detrend,Infinitive,
detribalize,detribalize,Infinitive,
detribalize,detribalizing,Pres Part.,
detrude,detruded,Past Part.,
detrude,detrudes,3Sg Non-Past,
detrude,detrude,Infinitive,
detrude,detruding,Pres Part.,
detumesce,detumesced,Past Part.,
detumesce,detumesces,3Sg Non-Past,
detumesce,detumesce,Infinitive,
detumesce,detumescing,Pres Part.,
deturpate,deturpate,Infinitive,
deturpate,deturpating,Pres Part.,
deverbalise,deverbalised,Past,
deverbalise,deverbalised,Past Part.,
deverbalise,deverbalises,3Sg Non-Past,
deverbalise,deverbalise,Infinitive,
deverbalise,deverbalising,Pres Part.,
devilize,devilized,Past,
devilize,devilized,Past Part.,
devilize,devilizes,3Sg Non-Past,
devilize,devilize,Infinitive,
devilize,devilizing,Pres Part.,
devise,devise,Infinitive,
devise,devising,Pres Part.,
dewater,dewatered,Past,
dewater,dewatered,Past Part.,
dewater,dewatering,Pres Part.,
dewater,dewaters,3Sg Non-Past,
dewater,dewater,Infinitive,
dezincify,dezincify,Infinitive,
dezionize,dezionized,Past,
dezionize,dezionized,Past Part.,
dezionize,dezionizes,3Sg Non-Past,
dezionize,dezionize,Infinitive,
dezionize,dezionizing,Pres Part.,
diabolize,diabolized,Past,
diabolize,diabolized,Past Part.,
diabolize,diabolizes,3Sg Non-Past,
diabolize,diabolize,Infinitive,
diabolize,diabolizing,Pres Part.,
diagonalise,diagonalised,Past Part.,
diagonalise,diagonalises,3Sg Non-Past,
diagonalise,diagonalise,Infinitive,
diagonalise,diagonalising,Pres Part.,
diesel,dieseled,Past,
diesel,dieseled,Past Part.,
diesel,dieseling,Pres Part.,
diesel,diesels,3Sg Non-Past,
diesel,diesel,Infinitive,
dieselize,dieselizes,3Sg Non-Past,
dieselize,dieselize,Infinitive,
dieselize,dieselizing,Pres Part.,
dike,dike,Infinitive,
dike,diking,Pres Part.,
dilly-dally,dilly-dallying,Pres Part.,
dilly-dally,dilly-dally,Infinitive,
ding,dings,3Sg Non-Past,
ding,ding,Infinitive,
ding,dung,Past Part.,
dink,dinked,Past Part.,
dink,dinking,Pres Part.,
dink,dinks,3Sg Non-Past,
dink,dink,Infinitive,
dip,dipped,Past,
dip,dipped,Past Part.,
dip,dipping,Pres Part.,
dip,dips,3Sg Non-Past,
dip,dip,Infinitive,
diphthongise,diphthongises,3Sg Non-Past,
diphthongise,diphthongise,Infinitive,
diphthongise,diphthongising,Pres Part.,
disabuse,disabuse,Infinitive,
disabuse,disabusing,Pres Part.,
disadvise,disadvising,Pres Part.,
disally,disallied,Past,
disally,disallied,Past Part.,
disally,disallies,3Sg Non-Past,
disally,disallying,Pres Part.,
disally,disally,Infinitive,
disambiguate,disambiguated,Past Part.,
disambiguate,disambiguates,3Sg Non-Past,
disambiguate,disambiguate,Infinitive,
disambiguate,disambiguating,Pres Part.,
disannul,disannulled,Past,
disannul,disannulled,Past Part.,
disannul,disannulling,Pres Part.,
disannul,disannuls,3Sg Non-Past,
disannul,disannul,Infinitive,
disapparel,disapparelling,Pres Part.,
disapparel,disapparels,3Sg Non-Past,
disapparel,disapparel,Infinitive,
disappropriate,disappropriates,3Sg Non-Past,
disappropriate,disappropriate,Infinitive,
disappropriate,disappropriating,Pres Part.,
disapprove,disapproved,Past Part.,
disapprove,disapproves,3Sg Non-Past,
disapprove,disapprove,Infinitive,
disapprove,disapproving,Pres Part.,
disbar,disbar,Infinitive,
disbelieve,disbelieve,Infinitive,
disbelieve,disbelieving,Pres Part.,
discamp,discamping,Pres Part.,
discamp,discamps,3Sg Non-Past,
discamp,discamp,Infinitive,
discapacitate,discapacitated,Past,
discapacitate,discapacitated,Past Part.,
discapacitate,discapacitates,3Sg Non-Past,
discapacitate,discapacitate,Infinitive,
discapacitate,discapacitating,Pres Part.,
discard,discard,Infinitive,
discase,discases,3Sg Non-Past,
discase,discase,Infinitive,
discase,discasing,Pres Part.,
discerp,discerped,Past,
discerp,discerped,Past Part.,
discerp,discerping,Pres Part.,
discerp,discerps,3Sg Non-Past,
discerp,discerp,Infinitive,
discharge,discharging,Pres Part.,
discide,disciding,Pres Part.,
disclaim,disclaimed,Past,
disclaim,disclaimed,Past Part.,
disclaim,disclaiming,Pres Part.,
disclaim,disclaims,3Sg Non-Past,
disclaim,disclaim,Infinitive,
disclaunder,disclaundering,Pres Part.,
disclaunder,disclaunders,3Sg Non-Past,
disclaunder,disclaunder,Infinitive,
discoast,discoasted,Past,
discoast,discoasted,Past Part.,
discoast,discoasting,Pres Part.,
discoast,discoasts,3Sg Non-Past,
discoast,discoast,Infinitive,
discommodate,discommodated,Past Part.,
discommodate,discommodates,3Sg Non-Past,
discommodate,discommodate,Infinitive,
discommodate,discommodating,Pres Part.,
discompany,discompanied,Past,
discompany,discompanied,Past Part.,
discompany,discompanies,3Sg Non-Past,
discompany,discompanying,Pres Part.,
discompany,discompany,Infinitive,
discompose,discomposed,Past Part.,
discompose,discomposes,3Sg Non-Past,
discompose,discompose,Infinitive,
discompose,discomposing,Pres Part.,
disconcur,disconcurs,3Sg Non-Past,
disconcur,disconcur,Infinitive,
discontent,discontented,Past,
discontent,discontented,Past Part.,
discontent,discontenting,Pres Part.,
discontent,discontents,3Sg Non-Past,
discontent,discontent,Infinitive,
discontinue,discontinue,Infinitive,
discontinue,discontinuing,Pres Part.,
discover,discovering,Pres Part.,
discover,discovers,3Sg Non-Past,
discover,discover,Infinitive,
discretise,discretised,Past Part.,
discretise,discretises,3Sg Non-Past,
discretise,discretise,Infinitive,
discretise,discretising,Pres Part.,
discriminate,discriminated,Past,
discriminate,discriminated,Past Part.,
discriminate,discriminates,3Sg Non-Past,
discriminate,discriminate,Infinitive,
discriminate,discriminating,Pres Part.,
discuss,discussed,Past,
discuss,discussed,Past Part.,
discuss,discusses,3Sg Non-Past,
discuss,discussing,Pres Part.,
discuss,discuss,Infinitive,
disease,diseased,Past Part.,
disease,diseases,3Sg Non-Past,
disease,disease,Infinitive,
disease,diseasing,Pres Part.,
disedify,disedified,Past Part.,
disedify,disedifies,3Sg Non-Past,
disedify,disedifying,Pres Part.,
disedify,disedify,Infinitive,
disembellish,disembellishes,3Sg Non-Past,
disembellish,disembellishing,Pres Part.,
disembellish,disembellish,Infinitive,
disembogue,disembogues,3Sg Non-Past,
disembogue,disembogue,Infinitive,
disembogue,disemboguing,Pres Part.,
disembrangle,disembrangling,Pres Part.,
disemburden,disemburdened,Past,
disemburden,disemburdened,Past Part.,
disemburden,disemburdening,Pres Part.,
disemburden,disemburdens,3Sg Non-Past,
disemburden,disemburden,Infinitive,
disempower,disempowering,Pres Part.,
disempower,disempowers,3Sg Non-Past,
disempower,disempower,Infinitive,
disenclose,disenclosing,Pres Part.,
disencumber,disencumbers,3Sg Non-Past,
disencumber,disencumber,Infinitive,
disentangle,disentangle,Infinitive,
disentangle,disentangling,Pres Part.,
disenthrall,disenthralls,3Sg Non-Past,
disenthrall,disenthrall,Infinitive,
disentrail,disentrailed,Past,
disentrail,disentrailed,Past Part.,
disentrail,disentrailing,Pres Part.,
disentrail,disentrails,3Sg Non-Past,
disentrail,disentrail,Infinitive,
disenvowel,disenvoweling,Pres Part.,
disenvowel,disenvowelled,Past,
disenvowel,disenvowelled,Past Part.,
disenvowel,disenvowelling,Pres Part.,
disenvowel,disenvowels,3Sg Non-Past,
disenvowel,disenvowel,Infinitive,
disfurniture,disfurnituring,Pres Part.,
disgage,disgaged,Past Part.,
disgage,disgages,3Sg Non-Past,
disgage,disgage,Infinitive,
disgage,disgaging,Pres Part.,
disglorify,disglorified,Past,
disglorify,disglorified,Past Part.,
disglorify,disglorifies,3Sg Non-Past,
disglorify,disglorifying,Pres Part.,
disglorify,disglorify,Infinitive,
disgorge,disgorging,Pres Part.,
disgraduate,disgraduates,3Sg Non-Past,
disgraduate,disgraduate,Infinitive,
disgraduate,disgraduating,Pres Part.,
dishaunt,dishaunts,3Sg Non-Past,
dishaunt,dishaunt,Infinitive,
disimpark,disimparking,Pres Part.,
disimpark,disimparks,3Sg Non-Past,
disimpark,disimpark,Infinitive,
disincline,disinclines,3Sg Non-Past,
disincline,disincline,Infinitive,
disincline,disinclining,Pres Part.,
disinfest,disinfests,3Sg Non-Past,
disinfest,disinfest,Infinitive,
disinform,disinformed,Past,
disinform,disinformed,Past Part.,
disinform,disinforming,Pres Part.,
disinform,disinforms,3Sg Non-Past,
disinform,disinform,Infinitive,
disinthrall,disinthralls,3Sg Non-Past,
disinthrall,disinthrall,Infinitive,
disinvolve,disinvolved,Past,
disinvolve,disinvolved,Past Part.,
disinvolve,disinvolves,3Sg Non-Past,
disinvolve,disinvolve,Infinitive,
disinvolve,disinvolving,Pres Part.,
dislimn,dislimning,Pres Part.,
dislimn,dislimns,3Sg Non-Past,
dislimn,dislimn,Infinitive,
dislocate,dislocates,3Sg Non-Past,
dislocate,dislocate,Infinitive,
dislocate,dislocating,Pres Part.,
dislodge,dislodged,Past Part.,
dislodge,dislodges,3Sg Non-Past,
dislodge,dislodge,Infinitive,
dislodge,dislodging,Pres Part.,
dismast,dismasted,Past,
dismast,dismasted,Past Part.,
dismast,dismasting,Pres Part.,
dismast,dismasts,3Sg Non-Past,
dismast,dismast,Infinitive,
disorientate,disorientating,Pres Part.,
disoxygenate,disoxygenating,Pres Part.,
dispark,disparking,Pres Part.,
dispark,disparks,3Sg Non-Past,
dispark,dispark,Infinitive,
disperse,dispersed,Past,
disperse,dispersed,Past Part.,
disperse,disperses,3Sg Non-Past,
disperse,disperse,Infinitive,
disperse,dispersing,Pres Part.,
displease,displeased,Past Part.,
displease,displeases,3Sg Non-Past,
displease,displease,Infinitive,
displease,displeasing,Pres Part.,
dispone,disponed,Past Part.,
dispone,dispones,3Sg Non-Past,
dispone,dispone,Infinitive,
dispone,disponing,Pres Part.,
disprefer,disprefer,Infinitive,
disprivilege,disprivileging,Pres Part.,
disprofit,disprofits,3Sg Non-Past,
disprofit,disprofit,Infinitive,
disproperty,dispropertied,Past Part.,
disproperty,disproperties,3Sg Non-Past,
disproperty,dispropertying,Pres Part.,
disproperty,disproperty,Infinitive,
dispute,disputed,Past,
dispute,disputed,Past Part.,
dispute,disputes,3Sg Non-Past,
dispute,dispute,Infinitive,
dispute,disputing,Pres Part.,
disrange,disranged,Past Part.,
disrange,disranges,3Sg Non-Past,
disrange,disrange,Infinitive,
disrange,disranging,Pres Part.,
disrate,disrated,Past,
disrate,disrated,Past Part.,
disrate,disrates,3Sg Non-Past,
disrate,disrate,Infinitive,
disrate,disrating,Pres Part.,
disrecommend,disrecommended,Past,
disrecommend,disrecommended,Past Part.,
disrecommend,disrecommending,Pres Part.,
disrecommend,disrecommends,3Sg Non-Past,
disrecommend,disrecommend,Infinitive,
disrobe,disrobed,Past Part.,
disrobe,disrobes,3Sg Non-Past,
disrobe,disrobe,Infinitive,
disrobe,disrobing,Pres Part.,
disseminate,disseminated,Past,
disseminate,disseminated,Past Part.,
disseminate,disseminates,3Sg Non-Past,
disseminate,disseminate,Infinitive,
disseminate,disseminating,Pres Part.,
dissimule,dissimuled,Past,
dissimule,dissimuled,Past Part.,
dissimule,dissimules,3Sg Non-Past,
dissimule,dissimule,Infinitive,
dissimule,dissimuling,Pres Part.,
disslander,disslander,Infinitive,
dissonate,dissonated,Past,
dissonate,dissonated,Past Part.,
dissonate,dissonates,3Sg Non-Past,
dissonate,dissonate,Infinitive,
dissonate,dissonating,Pres Part.,
dissyllabize,dissyllabize,Infinitive,
dissyllabize,dissyllabizing,Pres Part.,
distantiate,distantiates,3Sg Non-Past,
distantiate,distantiate,Infinitive,
distantiate,distantiating,Pres Part.,
distaste,distasted,Past Part.,
distaste,distastes,3Sg Non-Past,
distaste,distaste,Infinitive,
distaste,distasting,Pres Part.,
distort,distorted,Past,
distort,distorted,Past Part.,
distort,distorting,Pres Part.,
distort,distorts,3Sg Non-Past,
distort,distort,Infinitive,
disturn,disturning,Pres Part.,
disturn,disturns,3Sg Non-Past,
disturn,disturn,Infinitive,
divellicate,divellicated,Past Part.,
divellicate,divellicates,3Sg Non-Past,
divellicate,divellicate,Infinitive,
divellicate,divellicating,Pres Part.,
divulgate,divulgated,Past,
divulgate,divulgated,Past Part.,
divulgate,divulgates,3Sg Non-Past,
divulgate,divulgate,Infinitive,
divulgate,divulgating,Pres Part.,
dob,dob,Infinitive,
dock,dock,Infinitive,
doctorate,doctorates,3Sg Non-Past,
doctorate,doctorate,Infinitive,
doctorate,doctorating,Pres Part.,
dogpile,dogpiling,Pres Part.,
domineer,domineering,Pres Part.,
domineer,domineers,3Sg Non-Past,
domineer,domineer,Infinitive,
don,donned,Past Part.,
don,donning,Pres Part.,
don,dons,3Sg Non-Past,
don,don,Infinitive,
doodle,doodle,Infinitive,
doodle,doodling,Pres Part.,
dorsalize,dorsalizing,Pres Part.,
dort,dort,Infinitive,
doss,dossing,Pres Part.,
doss,doss,Infinitive,
dote,dote,Infinitive,
dote,doting,Pres Part.,
double-bank,double-bank,Infinitive,
double-cross,double-crossed,Past Part.,
double-cross,double-crosses,3Sg Non-Past,
doublecross,doublecrosses,3Sg Non-Past,
doublecross,doublecrossing,Pres Part.,
doublecross,doublecross,Infinitive,
dowdify,dowdified,Past Part.,
dowdify,dowdifies,3Sg Non-Past,
dowdify,dowdifying,Pres Part.,
dowdify,dowdify,Infinitive,
dow,dow,Infinitive,
downcast,downcasting,Pres Part.,
downcast,downcasts,3Sg Non-Past,
downcast,downcast,Infinitive,
downcast,downcast,Past,
downcast,downcast,Past Part.,
downclock,downclocks,3Sg Non-Past,
downclock,downclock,Infinitive,
downlist,downlisted,Past Part.,
downlist,downlisting,Pres Part.,
downlist,downlists,3Sg Non-Past,
downlist,downlist,Infinitive,
downtone,downtoned,Past Part.,
downtone,downtones,3Sg Non-Past,
downtone,downtone,Infinitive,
downtone,downtoning,Pres Part.,
downvalue,downvalued,Past,
downvalue,downvalued,Past Part.,
downvalue,downvalues,3Sg Non-Past,
downvalue,downvalue,Infinitive,
downvalue,downvaluing,Pres Part.,
dragonize,dragonizing,Pres Part.,
dredge,dredged,Past Part.,
dredge,dredges,3Sg Non-Past,
dredge,dredge,Infinitive,
dredge,dredging,Pres Part.,
drift,drift,Infinitive,
drite,drites,3Sg Non-Past,
drite,drite,Infinitive,
drite,driting,Pres Part.,
drite,dritten,Past Part.,
drive,drave,Past,
drive,driven,Past Part.,
drive,drives,3Sg Non-Past,
drive,drive,Infinitive,
drive,driving,Pres Part.,
drive,drove,Past,
drivel,drivelled,Past,
drivel,drivelled,Past Part.,
drivel,drivelling,Pres Part.,
drivel,drivels,3Sg Non-Past,
drivel,drivel,Infinitive,
droll,drolls,3Sg Non-Past,
droll,droll,Infinitive,
dross,drosses,3Sg Non-Past,
dross,drossing,Pres Part.,
dross,dross,Infinitive,
drouge,drouged,Past Part.,
drouge,drouges,3Sg Non-Past,
drouge,drouge,Infinitive,
drouge,drouging,Pres Part.,
drowse,drowsed,Past,
drowse,drowsed,Past Part.,
drowse,drowses,3Sg Non-Past,
drowse,drowse,Infinitive,
drowse,drowsing,Pres Part.,
drumble,drumbled,Past,
drumble,drumbled,Past Part.,
drumble,drumbles,3Sg Non-Past,
drumble,drumble,Infinitive,
drumble,drumbling,Pres Part.,
dry-clean,dry-cleaned,Past,
dry-clean,dry-cleaned,Past Part.,
dry-clean,dry-cleaning,Pres Part.,
dry-clean,dry-cleans,3Sg Non-Past,
dry-clean,dry-clean,Infinitive,
dry-gulch,dry-gulched,Past Part.,
dry-gulch,dry-gulches,3Sg Non-Past,
dry-gulch,dry-gulching,Pres Part.,
dry-gulch,dry-gulch,Infinitive,
drywall,drywalled,Past,
drywall,drywalled,Past Part.,
drywall,drywalling,Pres Part.,
drywall,drywalls,3Sg Non-Past,
drywall,drywall,Infinitive,
dualize,dualized,Past Part.,
dualize,dualizes,3Sg Non-Past,
dualize,dualize,Infinitive,
dualize,dualizing,Pres Part.,
dub,dub,Infinitive,
dubitate,dubitated,Past,
dubitate,dubitated,Past Part.,
dubitate,dubitates,3Sg Non-Past,
dubitate,dubitate,Infinitive,
dubitate,dubitating,Pres Part.,
dude,duding,Pres Part.,
duke,duke,Infinitive,
duke,duking,Pres Part.,
dulcify,dulcifying,Pres Part.,
dulcify,dulcify,Infinitive,
dumbfound,dumbfound,Infinitive,
dumbsize,dumbsized,Past Part.,
dumbsize,dumbsizes,3Sg Non-Past,
dumbsize,dumbsize,Infinitive,
dumbsize,dumbsizing,Pres Part.,
dumple,dumpled,Past Part.,
dumple,dumples,3Sg Non-Past,
dumple,dumple,Infinitive,
dumple,dumpling,Pres Part.,
dunt,dunted,Past,
dunt,dunted,Past Part.,
dunt,dunting,Pres Part.,
dunt,dunts,3Sg Non-Past,
dunt,dunt,Infinitive,
dusk,dusk,Infinitive,
dustbathe,dustbathed,Past Part.,
dustbathe,dustbathes,3Sg Non-Past,
dustbathe,dustbathe,Infinitive,
dustbathe,dustbathing,Pres Part.,
dwarf,dwarfed,Past,
dwarf,dwarfed,Past Part.,
dwarf,dwarfing,Pres Part.,
dwarf,dwarfs,3Sg Non-Past,
dwarf,dwarf,Infinitive,
dynamise,dynamises,3Sg Non-Past,
dynamise,dynamise,Infinitive,
dynamise,dynamising,Pres Part.,
eagle,eagle,Infinitive,
eagle,eagling,Pres Part.,
ean,eans,3Sg Non-Past,
ean,ean,Infinitive,
earn,earn,Infinitive,
earplug,earplugged,Past Part.,
earplug,earplugging,Pres Part.,
earplug,earplugs,3Sg Non-Past,
earplug,earplug,Infinitive,
eche,eche,Infinitive,
eche,eching,Pres Part.,
echelon,echeloning,Pres Part.,
echelon,echelons,3Sg Non-Past,
echelon,echelon,Infinitive,
echo,echoes,3Sg Non-Past,
echo,echoing,Pres Part.,
echo,echo,Infinitive,
eckle,eckle,Infinitive,
eckle,eckling,Pres Part.,
eclipse,eclipses,3Sg Non-Past,
eclipse,eclipse,Infinitive,
eclipse,eclipsing,Pres Part.,
economise,economises,3Sg Non-Past,
economise,economise,Infinitive,
economise,economising,Pres Part.,
editionalize,editionalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
editionalize,editionalize,Infinitive,
editionalize,editionalizing,Pres Part.,
editorialize,editorializes,3Sg Non-Past,
editorialize,editorialize,Infinitive,
editorialize,editorializing,Pres Part.,
efflagitate,efflagitate,Infinitive,
efflagitate,efflagitating,Pres Part.,
efform,efforming,Pres Part.,
efform,efforms,3Sg Non-Past,
efform,efform,Infinitive,
effranchise,effranchised,Past Part.,
effranchise,effranchises,3Sg Non-Past,
effranchise,effranchise,Infinitive,
effranchise,effranchising,Pres Part.,
Egyptianize,Egyptianized,Past Part.,
Egyptianize,Egyptianizes,3Sg Non-Past,
Egyptianize,Egyptianize,Infinitive,
Egyptianize,Egyptianizing,Pres Part.,
eight-ball,eight-balled,Past Part.,
eight-ball,eight-balling,Pres Part.,
eight-ball,eight-balls,3Sg Non-Past,
eight-ball,eight-ball,Infinitive,
elapse,elapse,Infinitive,
elapse,elapsing,Pres Part.,
elasticize,elasticizes,3Sg Non-Past,
elasticize,elasticize,Infinitive,
elasticize,elasticizing,Pres Part.,
elbow,elbows,3Sg Non-Past,
elbow,elbow,Infinitive,
electricize,electricizes,3Sg Non-Past,
electricize,electricize,Infinitive,
electricize,electricizing,Pres Part.,
electrize,electrize,Infinitive,
electrize,electrizing,Pres Part.,
electroblot,electroblotting,Pres Part.,
electroblot,electroblot,Infinitive,
electrofish,electrofished,Past,
electrofish,electrofished,Past Part.,
electrofish,electrofishes,3Sg Non-Past,
electrofish,electrofishing,Pres Part.,
electrofish,electrofish,Infinitive,
electrofuse,electrofused,Past,
electrofuse,electrofused,Past Part.,
electrofuse,electrofuses,3Sg Non-Past,
electrofuse,electrofuse,Infinitive,
electrofuse,electrofusing,Pres Part.,
electroshock,electroshocking,Pres Part.,
electroshock,electroshocks,3Sg Non-Past,
electroshock,electroshock,Infinitive,
elimate,elimate,Infinitive,
elimate,elimating,Pres Part.,
eliquate,eliquated,Past Part.,
eliquate,eliquates,3Sg Non-Past,
eliquate,eliquate,Infinitive,
eliquate,eliquating,Pres Part.,
e-mail,e-mail,Infinitive,
embale,embale,Infinitive,
embale,embaling,Pres Part.,
emball,emballing,Pres Part.,
emball,emballs,3Sg Non-Past,
emball,emball,Infinitive,
embattle,embattled,Past,
embattle,embattled,Past Part.,
embattle,embattles,3Sg Non-Past,
embattle,embattle,Infinitive,
embattle,embattling,Pres Part.,
embed,embed,Infinitive,
emblaze,emblazes,3Sg Non-Past,
emblaze,emblaze,Infinitive,
emblaze,emblazing,Pres Part.,
embody,embodying,Pres Part.,
embody,embody,Infinitive,
embondage,embondaging,Pres Part.,
emboss,embosses,3Sg Non-Past,
emboss,embossing,Pres Part.,
emboss,emboss,Infinitive,
embow,embowed,Past,
embow,embowed,Past Part.,
embow,embowing,Pres Part.,
embow,embows,3Sg Non-Past,
embow,embow,Infinitive,
embraid,embraid,Infinitive,
embrew,embrew,Infinitive,
emend,emend,Infinitive,
emmarble,emmarbled,Past,
emmarble,emmarbled,Past Part.,
emmarble,emmarbles,3Sg Non-Past,
emmarble,emmarble,Infinitive,
emmarble,emmarbling,Pres Part.,
emote,emoting,Pres Part.,
emotionalize,emotionalized,Past Part.,
emotionalize,emotionalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
emotionalize,emotionalize,Infinitive,
emotionalize,emotionalizing,Pres Part.,
empair,empaired,Past,
empair,empaired,Past Part.,
empair,empairing,Pres Part.,
empair,empairs,3Sg Non-Past,
empair,empair,Infinitive,
empark,emparked,Past,
empark,emparked,Past Part.,
empark,emparking,Pres Part.,
empark,emparks,3Sg Non-Past,
empark,empark,Infinitive,
empathize,empathize,Infinitive,
empathize,empathizing,Pres Part.,
emphasise,emphasises,3Sg Non-Past,
emphasise,emphasise,Infinitive,
emphasise,emphasising,Pres Part.,
emphasize,emphasizes,3Sg Non-Past,
emphasize,emphasize,Infinitive,
emphasize,emphasizing,Pres Part.,
empoison,empoisoning,Pres Part.,
empoison,empoisons,3Sg Non-Past,
empoison,empoison,Infinitive,
emprint,emprints,3Sg Non-Past,
emprint,emprint,Infinitive,
emprise,emprise,Infinitive,
emprise,emprising,Pres Part.,
emulate,emulates,3Sg Non-Past,
emulate,emulate,Infinitive,
emulate,emulating,Pres Part.,
enamel,enamelling,Pres Part.,
enamel,enamels,3Sg Non-Past,
enamel,enamel,Infinitive,
enarch,enarched,Past,
enarch,enarched,Past Part.,
enarch,enarches,3Sg Non-Past,
enarch,enarching,Pres Part.,
enarch,enarch,Infinitive,
encloister,encloistered,Past Part.,
encloister,encloistering,Pres Part.,
encloister,encloisters,3Sg Non-Past,
encloister,encloister,Infinitive,
enclose,enclosed,Past Part.,
enclose,encloses,3Sg Non-Past,
enclose,enclose,Infinitive,
enclose,enclosing,Pres Part.,
encoffin,encoffining,Pres Part.,
encoffin,encoffins,3Sg Non-Past,
encoffin,encoffin,Infinitive,
encolour,encolouring,Pres Part.,
encolour,encolours,3Sg Non-Past,
encolour,encolour,Infinitive,
encradle,encradle,Infinitive,
encradle,encradling,Pres Part.,
encroach,encroaches,3Sg Non-Past,
encroach,encroaching,Pres Part.,
encroach,encroach,Infinitive,
encrust,encrust,Infinitive,
encur,encurred,Past Part.,
encur,encurring,Pres Part.,
encur,encurs,3Sg Non-Past,
encur,encur,Infinitive,
encurtain,encurtained,Past Part.,
encurtain,encurtaining,Pres Part.,
encurtain,encurtains,3Sg Non-Past,
encurtain,encurtain,Infinitive,
endamnify,endamnifies,3Sg Non-Past,
endamnify,endamnifying,Pres Part.,
endamnify,endamnify,Infinitive,
endite,endited,Past,
endite,endited,Past Part.,
endite,endites,3Sg Non-Past,
endite,endite,Infinitive,
endite,enditing,Pres Part.,
endow,endow,Infinitive,
enfire,enfired,Past Part.,
enfire,enfires,3Sg Non-Past,
enfire,enfire,Infinitive,
enfire,enfiring,Pres Part.,
enflesh,enfleshing,Pres Part.,
enflesh,enflesh,Infinitive,
enfringe,enfringed,Past Part.,
enfringe,enfringes,3Sg Non-Past,
enfringe,enfringe,Infinitive,
enfringe,enfringing,Pres Part.,
engaol,engaoled,Past,
engaol,engaoled,Past Part.,
engaol,engaoling,Pres Part.,
engaol,engaols,3Sg Non-Past,
engaol,engaol,Infinitive,
engendre,engendres,3Sg Non-Past,
engendre,engendre,Infinitive,
engendre,engendring,Pres Part.,
engirt,engirted,Past,
engirt,engirted,Past Part.,
engirt,engirting,Pres Part.,
engirt,engirts,3Sg Non-Past,
engirt,engirt,Infinitive,
englamour,englamouring,Pres Part.,
englamour,englamours,3Sg Non-Past,
englamour,englamour,Infinitive,
engraff,engraffing,Pres Part.,
engraff,engraffs,3Sg Non-Past,
engraff,engraff,Infinitive,
engreaten,engreatens,3Sg Non-Past,
engreaten,engreaten,Infinitive,
engroove,engrooved,Past,
engroove,engrooved,Past Part.,
engroove,engrooves,3Sg Non-Past,
engroove,engroove,Infinitive,
engroove,engrooving,Pres Part.,
engulf,engulfed,Past,
engulf,engulfed,Past Part.,
engulf,engulfing,Pres Part.,
engulf,engulfs,3Sg Non-Past,
engulf,engulf,Infinitive,
enhearten,enheartening,Pres Part.,
enhearten,enheartens,3Sg Non-Past,
enhearten,enhearten,Infinitive,
enhort,enhorted,Past Part.,
enhort,enhorting,Pres Part.,
enhort,enhorts,3Sg Non-Past,
enhort,enhort,Infinitive,
enlarge,enlarged,Past Part.,
enlarge,enlarges,3Sg Non-Past,
enlarge,enlarge,Infinitive,
enlarge,enlarging,Pres Part.,
enlay,enlay,Infinitive,
enleague,enleaguing,Pres Part.,
enlessen,enlessens,3Sg Non-Past,
enlessen,enlessen,Infinitive,
enlight,enlights,3Sg Non-Past,
enlight,enlight,Infinitive,
enmesh,enmeshes,3Sg Non-Past,
enmesh,enmeshing,Pres Part.,
enmesh,enmesh,Infinitive,
enmuffle,enmuffled,Past,
enmuffle,enmuffled,Past Part.,
enmuffle,enmuffles,3Sg Non-Past,
enmuffle,enmuffle,Infinitive,
enmuffle,enmuffling,Pres Part.,
enpierce,enpierces,3Sg Non-Past,
enpierce,enpierce,Infinitive,
enpierce,enpiercing,Pres Part.,
enrapture,enraptured,Past,
enrapture,enraptured,Past Part.,
enrapture,enraptures,3Sg Non-Past,
enrapture,enrapture,Infinitive,
enrapture,enrapturing,Pres Part.,
enregister,enregistering,Pres Part.,
enregister,enregisters,3Sg Non-Past,
enregister,enregister,Infinitive,
enrich,enriched,Past,
enrich,enriched,Past Part.,
enrich,enriches,3Sg Non-Past,
enrich,enriching,Pres Part.,
enrich,enrich,Infinitive,
enroot,enrooted,Past,
enroot,enrooted,Past Part.,
enroot,enrooting,Pres Part.,
enroot,enroots,3Sg Non-Past,
enroot,enroot,Infinitive,
enshackle,enshackle,Infinitive,
enshackle,enshackling,Pres Part.,
enshadow,enshadowed,Past Part.,
enshadow,enshadowing,Pres Part.,
enshadow,enshadows,3Sg Non-Past,
enshadow,enshadow,Infinitive,
ensign,ensigned,Past,
ensign,ensigned,Past Part.,
ensign,ensigning,Pres Part.,
ensign,ensigns,3Sg Non-Past,
ensign,ensign,Infinitive,
ensoul,ensouls,3Sg Non-Past,
ensoul,ensoul,Infinitive,
enspell,enspelled,Past Part.,
enspell,enspelling,Pres Part.,
enspell,enspells,3Sg Non-Past,
enspell,enspell,Infinitive,
entangle,entangled,Past,
entangle,entangled,Past Part.,
entangle,entangles,3Sg Non-Past,
entangle,entangle,Infinitive,
entangle,entangling,Pres Part.,
entend,entended,Past Part.,
entend,entending,Pres Part.,
entend,entends,3Sg Non-Past,
entend,entend,Infinitive,
enthrall,enthralls,3Sg Non-Past,
enthrall,enthrall,Infinitive,
enthuse,enthused,Past Part.,
enthuse,enthuses,3Sg Non-Past,
enthuse,enthuse,Infinitive,
enthuse,enthusing,Pres Part.,
entrance,entrances,3Sg Non-Past,
entrance,entrance,Infinitive,
entrance,entrancing,Pres Part.,
entwist,entwisting,Pres Part.,
entwist,entwists,3Sg Non-Past,
entwist,entwist,Infinitive,
enumerate,enumerated,Past,
enumerate,enumerated,Past Part.,
enumerate,enumerates,3Sg Non-Past,
enumerate,enumerate,Infinitive,
enumerate,enumerating,Pres Part.,
enunciate,enunciates,3Sg Non-Past,
enunciate,enunciate,Infinitive,
enunciate,enunciating,Pres Part.,
envowel,envowelled,Past Part.,
envowel,envowelling,Pres Part.,
envowel,envowels,3Sg Non-Past,
envowel,envowel,Infinitive,
enwall,enwalls,3Sg Non-Past,
enwall,enwall,Infinitive,
epicurize,epicurizes,3Sg Non-Past,
epicurize,epicurize,Infinitive,
epicurize,epicurizing,Pres Part.,
epistle,epistle,Infinitive,
epistle,epistling,Pres Part.,
equal,equalled,Past Part.,
equal,equalling,Pres Part.,
equal,equals,3Sg Non-Past,
equal,equal,Infinitive,
equivalate,equivalating,Pres Part.,
equivalise,equivalised,Past,
equivalise,equivalised,Past Part.,
equivalise,equivalises,3Sg Non-Past,
equivalise,equivalise,Infinitive,
equivalise,equivalising,Pres Part.,
eradicate,eradicating,Pres Part.,
erode,eroded,Past,
erode,eroded,Past Part.,
erode,erodes,3Sg Non-Past,
erode,erode,Infinitive,
erode,eroding,Pres Part.,
err,erred,Past,
err,erred,Past Part.,
err,erring,Pres Part.,
err,errs,3Sg Non-Past,
err,err,Infinitive,
erudiate,erudiates,3Sg Non-Past,
erudiate,erudiate,Infinitive,
erudiate,erudiating,Pres Part.,
escape,escaping,Pres Part.,
escort,escorting,Pres Part.,
escort,escorts,3Sg Non-Past,
escort,escort,Infinitive,
esloin,esloin,Infinitive,
especialize,especializes,3Sg Non-Past,
especialize,especialize,Infinitive,
especialize,especializing,Pres Part.,
establish,establish,Infinitive,
estheticise,estheticised,Past,
estheticise,estheticised,Past Part.,
estheticise,estheticises,3Sg Non-Past,
estheticise,estheticise,Infinitive,
estheticise,estheticising,Pres Part.,
estreat,estreating,Pres Part.,
estreat,estreats,3Sg Non-Past,
estreat,estreat,Infinitive,
etherealize,etherealized,Past Part.,
etherealize,etherealizes,3Sg Non-Past,
etherealize,etherealize,Infinitive,
etherealize,etherealizing,Pres Part.,
ethnicize,ethnicized,Past,
ethnicize,ethnicized,Past Part.,
ethnicize,ethnicizes,3Sg Non-Past,
ethnicize,ethnicize,Infinitive,
ethnicize,ethnicizing,Pres Part.,
ethoxylate,ethoxylates,3Sg Non-Past,
ethoxylate,ethoxylate,Infinitive,
ethoxylate,ethoxylating,Pres Part.,
evanesce,evanesced,Past Part.,
evanesce,evanesces,3Sg Non-Past,
evanesce,evanesce,Infinitive,
evanesce,evanescing,Pres Part.,
evanish,evanish,Infinitive,
everlast,everlast,Infinitive,
everse,eversed,Past,
everse,eversed,Past Part.,
everse,everses,3Sg Non-Past,
everse,everse,Infinitive,
everse,eversing,Pres Part.,
exaggerate,exaggerate,Infinitive,
exaggerate,exaggerating,Pres Part.,
exanimate,exanimates,3Sg Non-Past,
exanimate,exanimate,Infinitive,
exanimate,exanimating,Pres Part.,
exaugurate,exaugurate,Infinitive,
exaugurate,exaugurating,Pres Part.,
exauthorize,exauthorize,Infinitive,
exauthorize,exauthorizing,Pres Part.,
excave,excaving,Pres Part.,
excise,excise,Infinitive,
excise,excising,Pres Part.,
excur,excurs,3Sg Non-Past,
excur,excur,Infinitive,
excuss,excuss,Infinitive,
exect,execting,Pres Part.,
exect,exects,3Sg Non-Past,
exect,exect,Infinitive,
exemplifie,exemplifie,Infinitive,
exemplifie,exemplifying,Pres Part.,
exhilarate,exhilarating,Pres Part.,
exhume,exhumed,Past Part.,
exhume,exhumes,3Sg Non-Past,
exhume,exhume,Infinitive,
exhume,exhuming,Pres Part.,
exorcize,exorcized,Past Part.,
exorcize,exorcizes,3Sg Non-Past,
exorcize,exorcize,Infinitive,
exorcize,exorcizing,Pres Part.,
expel,expelled,Past Part.,
expel,expelling,Pres Part.,
expel,expels,3Sg Non-Past,
expel,expel,Infinitive,
experience,experiencing,Pres Part.,
expiscate,expiscating,Pres Part.,
expose,exposed,Past,
expose,exposed,Past Part.,
expose,exposes,3Sg Non-Past,
expose,expose,Infinitive,
expose,exposing,Pres Part.,
exquire,exquired,Past,
exquire,exquired,Past Part.,
exquire,exquires,3Sg Non-Past,
exquire,exquire,Infinitive,
exquire,exquiring,Pres Part.,
exscind,exscinds,3Sg Non-Past,
exscind,exscind,Infinitive,
exterminate,exterminates,3Sg Non-Past,
exterminate,exterminate,Infinitive,
exterminate,exterminating,Pres Part.,
extrapolate,extrapolating,Pres Part.,
extravagate,extravagating,Pres Part.,
extricate,extricated,Past,
extricate,extricated,Past Part.,
extricate,extricates,3Sg Non-Past,
extricate,extricate,Infinitive,
extricate,extricating,Pres Part.,
exudate,exudating,Pres Part.,
exungulate,exungulated,Past Part.,
exungulate,exungulates,3Sg Non-Past,
exungulate,exungulate,Infinitive,
exungulate,exungulating,Pres Part.,
eyndill,eyndill,Infinitive,
fabulate,fabulated,Past Part.,
fabulate,fabulates,3Sg Non-Past,
fabulate,fabulate,Infinitive,
fabulate,fabulating,Pres Part.,
facelift,facelift,Infinitive,
facialize,facialized,Past Part.,
facialize,facializes,3Sg Non-Past,
facialize,facialize,Infinitive,
facialize,facializing,Pres Part.,
factionalize,factionalize,Infinitive,
factionalize,factionalizing,Pres Part.,
factorize,factorizing,Pres Part.,
faffle,faffles,3Sg Non-Past,
faffle,faffle,Infinitive,
faffle,faffling,Pres Part.,
failcascade,failcascades,3Sg Non-Past,
failcascade,failcascade,Infinitive,
failcascade,failcascading,Pres Part.,
fail,fails,3Sg Non-Past,
fail,fail,Infinitive,
fain,fains,3Sg Non-Past,
fain,fain,Infinitive,
falcon,falconed,Past Part.,
falcon,falconing,Pres Part.,
falcon,falcons,3Sg Non-Past,
falcon,falcon,Infinitive,
fallow,fallows,3Sg Non-Past,
fallow,fallow,Infinitive,
falsify,falsified,Past,
falsify,falsified,Past Part.,
falsify,falsifies,3Sg Non-Past,
falsify,falsifying,Pres Part.,
falsify,falsify,Infinitive,
fame,famed,Past,
fame,famed,Past Part.,
fame,fames,3Sg Non-Past,
fame,fame,Infinitive,
fame,faming,Pres Part.,
farm,farms,3Sg Non-Past,
farm,farm,Infinitive,
farspeak,farspeaks,3Sg Non-Past,
farspeak,farspeak,Infinitive,
farspeak,farspoken,Past Part.,
farspeak,farspoke,Past,
fash,fashin,Pres Part.,
fash,fash,Infinitive,
fast-forward,fast-forward,Infinitive,
fat,fat,Infinitive,
favor,favors,3Sg Non-Past,
favor,favor,Infinitive,
favorise,favorised,Past Part.,
favorise,favorises,3Sg Non-Past,
favorise,favorise,Infinitive,
favorise,favorising,Pres Part.,
feather-bed,feather-bedded,Past Part.,
feather-bed,feather-bedding,Pres Part.,
feather-bed,feather-beds,3Sg Non-Past,
feather-bed,feather-bed,Infinitive,
feather,feathering,Pres Part.,
feather,feathers,3Sg Non-Past,
feather,feather,Infinitive,
feature,features,3Sg Non-Past,
feature,feature,Infinitive,
feature,featuring,Pres Part.,
februate,februating,Pres Part.,
feedforward,feedforwarded,Past,
feedforward,feedforwarded,Past Part.,
feedforward,feedforwarding,Pres Part.,
feedforward,feedforwards,3Sg Non-Past,
feedforward,feedforward,Infinitive,
feign,feigned,Past,
feign,feigned,Past Part.,
feign,feigning,Pres Part.,
feign,feigns,3Sg Non-Past,
feign,feign,Infinitive,
fellate,fellate,Infinitive,
fellate,fellating,Pres Part.,
fenerate,fenerated,Past,
fenerate,fenerated,Past Part.,
fenerate,fenerates,3Sg Non-Past,
fenerate,fenerate,Infinitive,
fenerate,fenerating,Pres Part.,
Fennicize,Fennicize,Infinitive,
Fennicize,Fennicizing,Pres Part.,
ferk,ferked,Past Part.,
ferk,ferking,Pres Part.,
ferk,ferks,3Sg Non-Past,
ferk,ferk,Infinitive,
ferment,ferments,3Sg Non-Past,
ferment,ferment,Infinitive,
ferret,ferret,Infinitive,
fess,fessing,Pres Part.,
fess,fess,Infinitive,
fetter,fetter,Infinitive,
feudalise,feudalised,Past Part.,
feudalise,feudalises,3Sg Non-Past,
feudalise,feudalise,Infinitive,
feudalise,feudalising,Pres Part.,
fibrillate,fibrillating,Pres Part.,
FIF,FIFed,Past Part.,
FIF,FIFing,Pres Part.,
FIF,FIFs,3Sg Non-Past,
FIF,FIF,Infinitive,
filmize,filmized,Past Part.,
filmize,filmizes,3Sg Non-Past,
filmize,filmize,Infinitive,
filmize,filmizing,Pres Part.,
financialise,financialising,Pres Part.,
fine-tune,fine-tune,Infinitive,
fine-tune,fine-tuning,Pres Part.,
fin,finned,Past Part.,
fin,finning,Pres Part.,
fin,fins,3Sg Non-Past,
fin,fin,Infinitive,
fingerpaint,fingerpainted,Past Part.,
fingerpaint,fingerpainting,Pres Part.,
fingerpaint,fingerpaints,3Sg Non-Past,
finger-paint,finger-paint,Infinitive,
fire,fired,Past Part.,
fire,fires,3Sg Non-Past,
fire,fire,Infinitive,
fire,firing,Pres Part.,
fistbump,fistbumped,Past Part.,
fistbump,fistbumping,Pres Part.,
fistbump,fistbumps,3Sg Non-Past,
fistbump,fistbump,Infinitive,
fit,fitted,Past Part.,
fit,fitting,Pres Part.,
fit,fit,Infinitive,
fit,fit,Past,
fit,fit,Past Part.,
flabagast,flabaghast,Past Part.,
flag,flagged,Past,
flag,flagged,Past Part.,
flag,flagging,Pres Part.,
flag,flags,3Sg Non-Past,
flag,flag,Infinitive,
flagrate,flagrated,Past,
flagrate,flagrated,Past Part.,
flagrate,flagrates,3Sg Non-Past,
flagrate,flagrate,Infinitive,
flagrate,flagrating,Pres Part.,
flange,flange,Infinitive,
flange,flanging,Pres Part.,
flanker,flankered,Past Part.,
flanker,flankering,Pres Part.,
flanker,flankers,3Sg Non-Past,
flanker,flanker,Infinitive,
flank,flanked,Past Part.,
flank,flanking,Pres Part.,
flank,flanks,3Sg Non-Past,
flank,flank,Infinitive,
flatter,flatters,3Sg Non-Past,
flatter,flatter,Infinitive,
flavor,flavored,Past Part.,
flavor,flavoring,Pres Part.,
flavor,flavors,3Sg Non-Past,
flavor,flavor,Infinitive,
flecker,fleckered,Past,
flecker,fleckered,Past Part.,
flecker,fleckering,Pres Part.,
flecker,fleckers,3Sg Non-Past,
flecker,flecker,Infinitive,
flench,flench,Infinitive,
fley,fleys,3Sg Non-Past,
fley,fley,Infinitive,
flicker,flickers,3Sg Non-Past,
flicker,flicker,Infinitive,
flier,fliered,Past Part.,
flier,fliering,Pres Part.,
flier,fliers,3Sg Non-Past,
flier,flier,Infinitive,
flinch,flinched,Past Part.,
flinch,flinches,3Sg Non-Past,
flinch,flinching,Pres Part.,
flinch,flinch,Infinitive,
flipe,fliped,Past Part.,
flipe,flipes,3Sg Non-Past,
flipe,flipe,Infinitive,
flipe,fliping,Pres Part.,
flip-flop,flip-flopping,Pres Part.,
flip-flop,flip-flops,3Sg Non-Past,
flip-flop,flip-flop,Infinitive,
flirt,flirting,Pres Part.,
flirt,flirts,3Sg Non-Past,
flirt,flirt,Infinitive,
flite,flite,Infinitive,
flite,fliting,Pres Part.,
flite,flitten,Past Part.,
flite,flote,Past,
flit,flits,3Sg Non-Past,
flit,flitted,Past,
flit,flitted,Past Part.,
flit,flitting,Pres Part.,
flit,flit,Infinitive,
flob,flobs,3Sg Non-Past,
flob,flob,Infinitive,
flote,flote,Infinitive,
flote,floting,Pres Part.,
flounder,floundered,Past,
flounder,floundered,Past Part.,
flounder,floundering,Pres Part.,
flounder,flounders,3Sg Non-Past,
flounder,flounder,Infinitive,
flox,floxed,Past,
flox,floxed,Past Part.,
flox,floxes,3Sg Non-Past,
flox,floxing,Pres Part.,
flox,flox,Infinitive,
flub,flub,Infinitive,
fluctuate,fluctuated,Past,
fluctuate,fluctuated,Past Part.,
fluctuate,fluctuates,3Sg Non-Past,
fluctuate,fluctuate,Infinitive,
fluctuate,fluctuating,Pres Part.,
fluff,fluff,Infinitive,
fluke,fluked,Past Part.,
fluke,flukes,3Sg Non-Past,
fluke,fluke,Infinitive,
fluke,fluking,Pres Part.,
flurry,flurried,Past Part.,
flurry,flurries,3Sg Non-Past,
flurry,flurrying,Pres Part.,
flurry,flurry,Infinitive,
flustrate,flustrated,Past Part.,
flustrate,flustrates,3Sg Non-Past,
flustrate,flustrate,Infinitive,
flustrate,flustrating,Pres Part.,
flyer,flyered,Past,
flyer,flyered,Past Part.,
flyer,flyering,Pres Part.,
flyer,flyers,3Sg Non-Past,
flyer,flyer,Infinitive,
fly-fish,fly-fished,Past,
fly-fish,fly-fished,Past Part.,
fly-fish,fly-fishes,3Sg Non-Past,
fly-fish,fly-fishing,Pres Part.,
fly-fish,fly-fish,Infinitive,
foam,foamed,Past Part.,
foam,foaming,Pres Part.,
foam,foams,3Sg Non-Past,
foam,foam,Infinitive,
fog,fogging,Pres Part.,
fog,fogs,3Sg Non-Past,
fog,fog,Infinitive,
foin,foin,Infinitive,
foment,fomented,Past,
foment,fomented,Past Part.,
foment,fomenting,Pres Part.,
foment,foments,3Sg Non-Past,
foment,foment,Infinitive,
fond,fond,Infinitive,
fooster,foostered,Past Part.,
fooster,foostering,Pres Part.,
fooster,foosters,3Sg Non-Past,
fooster,fooster,Infinitive,
foot,footed,Past,
foot,footed,Past Part.,
foot,footing,Pres Part.,
foot,foots,3Sg Non-Past,
foot,foot,Infinitive,
foot-slog,foot-slogging,Pres Part.,
foot-slog,foot-slogs,3Sg Non-Past,
foot-slog,foot-slog,Infinitive,
forbar,forbar,Infinitive,
forbid,forbidden,Past Part.,
forbid,forbidding,Pres Part.,
forbid,forbids,3Sg Non-Past,
forbid,forbid,Infinitive,
forbid,forbid,Past,
forbode,forboding,Pres Part.,
forbuy,forbought,Past Part.,
forbuy,forbuying,Pres Part.,
forbuy,forbuys,3Sg Non-Past,
forbuy,forbuy,Infinitive,
forcover,forcovers,3Sg Non-Past,
forcover,forcover,Infinitive,
ford,forded,Past,
ford,forded,Past Part.,
ford,fording,Pres Part.,
ford,fords,3Sg Non-Past,
ford,ford,Infinitive,
forecaddie,forecaddie,Infinitive,
forecaddie,forecaddying,Pres Part.,
foreclaim,foreclaims,3Sg Non-Past,
foreclaim,foreclaim,Infinitive,
foredate,foredate,Infinitive,
foredate,foredating,Pres Part.,
foredeal,foredeals,3Sg Non-Past,
foredeal,foredeal,Infinitive,
foredeclare,foredeclared,Past,
foredeclare,foredeclared,Past Part.,
foredeclare,foredeclares,3Sg Non-Past,
foredeclare,foredeclare,Infinitive,
foredeclare,foredeclaring,Pres Part.,
foredoom,foredoomed,Past Part.,
foredoom,foredooming,Pres Part.,
foredoom,foredooms,3Sg Non-Past,
foredoom,foredoom,Infinitive,
fore-give,fore-gives,3Sg Non-Past,
fore-give,fore-give,Infinitive,
fore-give,fore-giving,Pres Part.,
foreground,foregrounded,Past,
foreground,foregrounded,Past Part.,
foreground,foregrounding,Pres Part.,
foreground,foregrounds,3Sg Non-Past,
foreground,foreground,Infinitive,
forejudge,forejudge,Infinitive,
forejudge,forejudging,Pres Part.,
foreknow,foreknown,Past Part.,
foreknow,foreknows,3Sg Non-Past,
foreknow,foreknow,Infinitive,
forelet,forelets,3Sg Non-Past,
forelet,foreletting,Pres Part.,
forelet,forelet,Infinitive,
forelet,forelet,Past,
forelet,forelet,Past Part.,
forelift,forelifting,Pres Part.,
forelift,forelifts,3Sg Non-Past,
forelift,forelift,Infinitive,
forelike,forliked,Past,
forelike,forliked,Past Part.,
forelike,forliking,Pres Part.,
foreload,foreloaded,Past,
foreload,foreloaded,Past Part.,
foreload,foreloading,Pres Part.,
foreload,foreloads,3Sg Non-Past,
foreload,foreload,Infinitive,
foreordinate,foreordinated,Past,
foreordinate,foreordinated,Past Part.,
foreordinate,foreordinates,3Sg Non-Past,
foreordinate,foreordinate,Infinitive,
foreordinate,foreordinating,Pres Part.,
foreslack,foreslacks,3Sg Non-Past,
foreslack,foreslack,Infinitive,
forespeak,forespoken,Past Part.,
forespeak,forespoke,Past,
forespend,forespent,Past,
forespend,forespent,Past Part.,
forestall,forestalls,3Sg Non-Past,
forestall,forestall,Infinitive,
forest,foresting,Pres Part.,
forest,forests,3Sg Non-Past,
forest,forest,Infinitive,
foretaste,foretasted,Past,
foretaste,foretasted,Past Part.,
foretaste,foretastes,3Sg Non-Past,
foretaste,foretaste,Infinitive,
foretaste,foretasting,Pres Part.,
foretoken,foretokens,3Sg Non-Past,
foretoken,foretoken,Infinitive,
forewaste,forwasted,Past,
forewaste,forwasted,Past Part.,
forewaste,forwasting,Pres Part.,
forfare,forfares,3Sg Non-Past,
forfare,forfare,Infinitive,
forfare,forfaring,Pres Part.,
forfare,forfore,Past,
forfret,forfretted,Past Part.,
forfret,forfretten,Past Part.,
forfret,forfretting,Pres Part.,
forfret,forfret,Infinitive,
forgather,forgather,Infinitive,
forhale,forhaling,Pres Part.,
forhold,forhold,Infinitive,
forjudge,forjudged,Past Part.,
forjudge,forjudges,3Sg Non-Past,
forjudge,forjudge,Infinitive,
forjudge,forjudging,Pres Part.,
forklift,forklifted,Past Part.,
forklift,forklifting,Pres Part.,
forklift,forklifts,3Sg Non-Past,
forklift,forklift,Infinitive,
forlese,forlesing,Pres Part.,
forlese,forlore,Past,
forlese,forlorn,Past Part.,
forlie,forlain,Past Part.,
forlie,forlay,Past,
forlie,forlies,3Sg Non-Past,
forlie,forlie,Infinitive,
forlie,forlying,Pres Part.,
formalize,formalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
formalize,formalize,Infinitive,
formalize,formalizing,Pres Part.,
formate,formating,Pres Part.,
format,formatted,Past Part.,
format,formatting,Pres Part.,
format,format,Infinitive,
formelt,formelted,Past Part.,
formelt,formelting,Pres Part.,
formelt,formelts,3Sg Non-Past,
formelt,formelt,Infinitive,
formelt,formolten,Past Part.,
formelt,formolt,Past,
form,forms,3Sg Non-Past,
form,form,Infinitive,
formularise,formularise,Infinitive,
formularise,formularising,Pres Part.,
formulize,formulizes,3Sg Non-Past,
formulize,formulize,Infinitive,
formulize,formulizing,Pres Part.,
fornim,fornimmed,Past,
fornim,fornimmed,Past Part.,
fornim,fornimming,Pres Part.,
fornim,fornims,3Sg Non-Past,
fornim,fornim,Infinitive,
fornim,fornumb,Past Part.,
fornim,fornum,Past Part.,
forsake,forsook,Past,
forseethe,forseethe,Infinitive,
forseethe,forseething,Pres Part.,
forsling,forslung,Past Part.,
forslip,forslip,Infinitive,
forspare,forspares,3Sg Non-Past,
forspare,forspare,Infinitive,
forspare,forsparing,Pres Part.,
forstaa,forstaaing,Pres Part.,
forstaa,forstaas,3Sg Non-Past,
forstaa,forstaa,Infinitive,
forthcast,forthcast,Past,
forthcast,forthcast,Past Part.,
forthfill,forthfilling,Pres Part.,
forthfill,forthfills,3Sg Non-Past,
forthfill,forthfill,Infinitive,
forthnim,forthnim,Infinitive,
forthnim,forthnumb,Past Part.,
forthnim,forthnum,Past Part.,
forthrow,forthrew,Past,
forthrow,forthrowing,Pres Part.,
forthrow,forthrown,Past Part.,
forthrow,forthrows,3Sg Non-Past,
forthrow,forthrow,Infinitive,
forwall,forwalled,Past,
forwall,forwalled,Past Part.,
forwall,forwalling,Pres Part.,
forwall,forwalls,3Sg Non-Past,
forwall,forwall,Infinitive,
forwaste,forwasted,Past Part.,
forwaste,forwastes,3Sg Non-Past,
forwaste,forwaste,Infinitive,
forwaste,forwasting,Pres Part.,
forwear,forwearing,Pres Part.,
forwear,forwears,3Sg Non-Past,
forwear,forwear,Infinitive,
forwear,forwore,Past,
forwear,forworn,Past Part.,
forweary,forwearies,3Sg Non-Past,
forweary,forwearying,Pres Part.,
forweary,forweary,Infinitive,
forwrap,forwraps,3Sg Non-Past,
forwrap,forwrap,Infinitive,
fossilate,fossilated,Past Part.,
fossilate,fossilates,3Sg Non-Past,
fossilate,fossilate,Infinitive,
fossilate,fossilating,Pres Part.,
fossilize,fossilize,Infinitive,
fossilize,fossilizing,Pres Part.,
four-flush,four-flushed,Past Part.,
four-flush,four-flushes,3Sg Non-Past,
four-flush,four-flushing,Pres Part.,
four-flush,four-flush,Infinitive,
four-peat,four-peated,Past,
four-peat,four-peated,Past Part.,
four-peat,four-peating,Pres Part.,
four-peat,four-peats,3Sg Non-Past,
four-peat,four-peat,Infinitive,
frab,frabbing,Pres Part.,
frab,frabs,3Sg Non-Past,
frab,frab,Infinitive,
frac,fraccing,Pres Part.,
frac,fracs,3Sg Non-Past,
frac,frac,Infinitive,
fraist,fraisted,Past,
fraist,fraisted,Past Part.,
fraist,fraisting,Pres Part.,
fraist,fraists,3Sg Non-Past,
fraist,fraist,Infinitive,
frap,frapping,Pres Part.,
frap,fraps,3Sg Non-Past,
frap,frap,Infinitive,
fraternize,fraternized,Past,
fraternize,fraternized,Past Part.,
fraternize,fraternizes,3Sg Non-Past,
fraternize,fraternize,Infinitive,
fraternize,fraternizing,Pres Part.,
fraud,fraud,Infinitive,
freak,freaking,Pres Part.,
freak,freaks,3Sg Non-Past,
freak,freak,Infinitive,
freeball,freeballs,3Sg Non-Past,
freeball,freeball,Infinitive,
freebase,freebased,Past,
freebase,freebased,Past Part.,
freebase,freebases,3Sg Non-Past,
freebase,freebase,Infinitive,
freebase,freebasing,Pres Part.,
freelance,freelances,3Sg Non-Past,
freelance,freelance,Infinitive,
freelance,freelancing,Pres Part.,
freeline,freelined,Past Part.,
freeline,freelines,3Sg Non-Past,
freeline,freeline,Infinitive,
freeline,freelining,Pres Part.,
freerun,freerunning,Pres Part.,
freerun,freeruns,3Sg Non-Past,
freerun,freerun,Infinitive,
freerun,freerun,Past Part.,
freestyle,freestyles,3Sg Non-Past,
freestyle,freestyle,Infinitive,
freestyle,freestyling,Pres Part.,
freeze-dry,freeze-dries,3Sg Non-Past,
freeze-dry,freeze-drying,Pres Part.,
freeze-dry,freeze-dry,Infinitive,
freshen,freshened,Past Part.,
freshen,freshening,Pres Part.,
freshen,freshens,3Sg Non-Past,
freshen,freshen,Infinitive,
fret,frate,Past,
fret,freet,Past,
fret,frets,3Sg Non-Past,
fret,fretted,Past,
fret,fretted,Past Part.,
fret,fretten,Past Part.,
fret,fretting,Pres Part.,
fret,fret,Infinitive,
fret,fret,Past,
fretsaw,fretsawed,Past Part.,
fretsaw,fretsawing,Pres Part.,
fretsaw,fretsaws,3Sg Non-Past,
fretsaw,fretsaw,Infinitive,
fringe,fringed,Past Part.,
fringe,fringes,3Sg Non-Past,
fringe,fringe,Infinitive,
fringe,fringing,Pres Part.,
frisk,frisked,Past Part.,
frisk,frisking,Pres Part.,
frisk,frisks,3Sg Non-Past,
frisk,frisk,Infinitive,
front,fronted,Past,
front,fronted,Past Part.,
front,fronting,Pres Part.,
front,fronts,3Sg Non-Past,
front,front,Infinitive,
frontolyze,frontolyzed,Past Part.,
frontolyze,frontolyzes,3Sg Non-Past,
frontolyze,frontolyze,Infinitive,
frontolyze,frontolyzing,Pres Part.,
frosh,froshed,Past Part.,
frosh,froshes,3Sg Non-Past,
frosh,froshing,Pres Part.,
frosh,frosh,Infinitive,
frother,frothers,3Sg Non-Past,
frother,frother,Infinitive,
frover,frovered,Past,
frover,frovered,Past Part.,
frover,frovering,Pres Part.,
frover,frovers,3Sg Non-Past,
frover,frover,Infinitive,
fructuate,fructuating,Pres Part.,
frump,frumps,3Sg Non-Past,
frump,frump,Infinitive,
fullcome,fullcome,Infinitive,
fullcome,fullcome,Past Part.,
fullcome,fullcoming,Pres Part.,
fumigate,fumigates,3Sg Non-Past,
fumigate,fumigate,Infinitive,
fumigate,fumigating,Pres Part.,
funeralize,funeralizing,Pres Part.,
furbish,furbishing,Pres Part.,
furbish,furbish,Infinitive,
furdle,furdled,Past,
furdle,furdled,Past Part.,
furdle,furdles,3Sg Non-Past,
furdle,furdle,Infinitive,
furdle,furdling,Pres Part.,
fuse,fused,Past Part.,
fuse,fuses,3Sg Non-Past,
fuse,fuse,Infinitive,
fuse,fusing,Pres Part.,
fustigate,fustigated,Past Part.,
fustigate,fustigates,3Sg Non-Past,
fustigate,fustigate,Infinitive,
fustigate,fustigating,Pres Part.,
gack,gacked,Past Part.,
gack,gacking,Pres Part.,
gack,gacks,3Sg Non-Past,
gack,gack,Infinitive,
gaggle,gaggle,Infinitive,
gaggle,gaggling,Pres Part.,
gainstand,gainstood,Past,
gainstand,gainstood,Past Part.,
gainstay,gainstays,3Sg Non-Past,
gainstay,gainstay,Infinitive,
gaiter,gaiters,3Sg Non-Past,
gaiter,gaiter,Infinitive,
ganch,ganches,3Sg Non-Past,
ganch,ganching,Pres Part.,
ganch,ganch,Infinitive,
gang,ganged,Past Part.,
gang,ganging,Pres Part.,
gang,gangs,3Sg Non-Past,
gang,gang,Infinitive,
gang-rape,gang-rape,Infinitive,
gang-rape,gang-raping,Pres Part.,
gank,ganks,3Sg Non-Past,
gank,gank,Infinitive,
garden,gardened,Past Part.,
garden,gardening,Pres Part.,
garden,gardens,3Sg Non-Past,
garden,garden,Infinitive,
garland,garlanded,Past,
garland,garlanded,Past Part.,
garland,garlanding,Pres Part.,
garland,garlands,3Sg Non-Past,
garland,garland,Infinitive,
gast,gasting,Pres Part.,
gast,gasts,3Sg Non-Past,
gast,gast,Infinitive,
gatecrash,gatecrashes,3Sg Non-Past,
gatecrash,gatecrashing,Pres Part.,
gatecrash,gatecrash,Infinitive,
gat,gatting,Pres Part.,
gat,gat,Infinitive,
gather,gathers,3Sg Non-Past,
gather,gather,Infinitive,
gaybait,gaybaited,Past Part.,
gaybait,gaybaiting,Pres Part.,
gaybait,gaybaits,3Sg Non-Past,
gaybait,gaybait,Infinitive,
gay,gaying,Pres Part.,
gay,gays,3Sg Non-Past,
gay,gay,Infinitive,
gay-marry,gay-married,Past Part.,
gay-marry,gay-marries,3Sg Non-Past,
gay-marry,gay-marrying,Pres Part.,
gay-marry,gay-marry,Infinitive,
gaze,gazed,Past,
gaze,gazed,Past Part.,
gaze,gazes,3Sg Non-Past,
gaze,gaze,Infinitive,
gaze,gazing,Pres Part.,
gear,gear,Infinitive,
gedge,gedged,Past Part.,
gedge,gedges,3Sg Non-Past,
gedge,gedge,Infinitive,
gedge,gedging,Pres Part.,
gelatinize,gelatinize,Infinitive,
gelatinize,gelatinizing,Pres Part.,
genderfuck,genderfucking,Pres Part.,
genderfuck,genderfucks,3Sg Non-Past,
genderfuck,genderfuck,Infinitive,
generalize,generalizing,Pres Part.,
genericise,genericises,3Sg Non-Past,
genericise,genericise,Infinitive,
genericise,genericising,Pres Part.,
geoengineer,geoengineering,Pres Part.,
geoengineer,geoengineers,3Sg Non-Past,
geoengineer,geoengineer,Infinitive,
geranylate,geranylates,3Sg Non-Past,
geranylate,geranylate,Infinitive,
geranylate,geranylating,Pres Part.,
germ,germ,Infinitive,
gether,gethered,Past Part.,
gether,gethering,Pres Part.,
gether,gethers,3Sg Non-Past,
gether,gether,Infinitive,
gherao,gheraoing,Pres Part.,
gherao,gheraos,3Sg Non-Past,
gherao,gherao,Infinitive,
gib,gibbed,Past Part.,
gib,gibbing,Pres Part.,
gib,gibs,3Sg Non-Past,
gib,gib,Infinitive,
gill,gilled,Past Part.,
gill,gilling,Pres Part.,
gill,gills,3Sg Non-Past,
gill,gill,Infinitive,
gimlet,gimleted,Past Part.,
gimlet,gimleting,Pres Part.,
gimlet,gimlets,3Sg Non-Past,
gimlet,gimlet,Infinitive,
gin,ginned,Past,
gin,ginned,Past Part.,
gin,ginning,Pres Part.,
gin,gins,3Sg Non-Past,
gin,gin,Infinitive,
gingle,gingled,Past,
gingle,gingled,Past Part.,
gingle,gingles,3Sg Non-Past,
gingle,gingle,Infinitive,
gingle,gingling,Pres Part.,
gise,gise,Infinitive,
gise,gising,Pres Part.,
glare,glared,Past,
glare,glared,Past Part.,
glare,glares,3Sg Non-Past,
glare,glare,Infinitive,
glare,glaring,Pres Part.,
glassify,glassifying,Pres Part.,
glassify,glassify,Infinitive,
gleen,gleens,3Sg Non-Past,
gleen,gleen,Infinitive,
glei,glei,Infinitive,
glister,glistering,Pres Part.,
glister,glisters,3Sg Non-Past,
glister,glister,Infinitive,
glitter,glittered,Past Part.,
glitter,glittering,Pres Part.,
glitter,glitters,3Sg Non-Past,
glitter,glitter,Infinitive,
gloar,gloared,Past Part.,
gloar,gloaring,Pres Part.,
gloar,gloars,3Sg Non-Past,
gloar,gloar,Infinitive,
globetrot,globetrots,3Sg Non-Past,
globetrot,globetrotted,Past,
globetrot,globetrotted,Past Part.,
globetrot,globetrotting,Pres Part.,
globetrot,globetrot,Infinitive,
glorify,glorify,Infinitive,
glottalise,glottalised,Past,
glottalise,glottalised,Past Part.,
glottalise,glottalises,3Sg Non-Past,
glottalise,glottalise,Infinitive,
glottalise,glottalising,Pres Part.,
gluck,gluck,Infinitive,
glump,glumped,Past Part.,
glump,glumping,Pres Part.,
glump,glumps,3Sg Non-Past,
glump,glump,Infinitive,
glycosylate,glycosylates,3Sg Non-Past,
glycosylate,glycosylate,Infinitive,
glycosylate,glycosylating,Pres Part.,
gnod,gnod,Infinitive,
gobbet,gobbeted,Past,
gobbet,gobbeted,Past Part.,
gobbet,gobbeting,Pres Part.,
gobbet,gobbets,3Sg Non-Past,
gobbet,gobbet,Infinitive,
goose-step,goose-stepped,Past Part.,
goose-step,goose-stepping,Pres Part.,
goose-step,goose-steps,3Sg Non-Past,
goose-step,goose-step,Infinitive,
gossip,gossiped,Past,
gossip,gossiped,Past Part.,
gossip,gossiping,Pres Part.,
gossip,gossipped,Past,
gossip,gossipped,Past Part.,
gossip,gossipping,Pres Part.,
gossip,gossips,3Sg Non-Past,
gossip,gossip,Infinitive,
goto,go,3Sg Non-Past,
goto,to,Pres Part.,
gouge,gouges,3Sg Non-Past,
gouge,gouge,Infinitive,
gouge,gouging,Pres Part.,
gourmandize,gourmandized,Past,
gourmandize,gourmandized,Past Part.,
gourmandize,gourmandizes,3Sg Non-Past,
gourmandize,gourmandize,Infinitive,
gourmandize,gourmandizing,Pres Part.,
gowk,gowking,Pres Part.,
gowk,gowks,3Sg Non-Past,
gowk,gowk,Infinitive,
graduate,graduated,Past,
graduate,graduated,Past Part.,
graduate,graduates,3Sg Non-Past,
graduate,graduate,Infinitive,
graduate,graduating,Pres Part.,
graith,graith,Infinitive,
grandstand,grandstanded,Past,
grandstand,grandstanded,Past Part.,
grandstand,grandstanding,Pres Part.,
grandstand,grandstands,3Sg Non-Past,
grandstand,grandstand,Infinitive,
grane,graned,Past Part.,
grane,granes,3Sg Non-Past,
grane,grane,Infinitive,
grane,graning,Pres Part.,
grate,grated,Past,
grate,grated,Past Part.,
grate,grates,3Sg Non-Past,
grate,grate,Infinitive,
grate,grating,Pres Part.,
gravitate,gravitated,Past Part.,
gravitate,gravitates,3Sg Non-Past,
gravitate,gravitate,Infinitive,
gravitate,gravitating,Pres Part.,
gray,graying,Pres Part.,
gray,grays,3Sg Non-Past,
gray,gray,Infinitive,
grecize,grecized,Past,
grecize,grecized,Past Part.,
grecize,grecizes,3Sg Non-Past,
grecize,grecize,Infinitive,
grecize,grecizing,Pres Part.,
greenwash,greenwashes,3Sg Non-Past,
greenwash,greenwashing,Pres Part.,
greenwash,greenwash,Infinitive,
greet,greet,Infinitive,
gregarize,gregarized,Past Part.,
gregarize,gregarizes,3Sg Non-Past,
gregarize,gregarize,Infinitive,
gregarize,gregarizing,Pres Part.,
gripple,gripples,3Sg Non-Past,
gripple,gripple,Infinitive,
gripple,grippling,Pres Part.,
grommet,grommeting,Pres Part.,
grommet,grommets,3Sg Non-Past,
grommet,grommet,Infinitive,
grouch,grouching,Pres Part.,
grouch,grouch,Infinitive,
grovel,grovelled,Past Part.,
grovel,grovelling,Pres Part.,
grovel,grovels,3Sg Non-Past,
grovel,grovel,Infinitive,
growe,growne,Past Part.,
grumble,grumble,Infinitive,
grumble,grumbling,Pres Part.,
grype,grype,Infinitive,
grype,gryping,Pres Part.,
guff,guffed,Past Part.,
guff,guffing,Pres Part.,
guff,guffs,3Sg Non-Past,
guff,guff,Infinitive,
gut,gutting,Pres Part.,
gut,gut,Infinitive,
gyve,gyving,Pres Part.,
hade,hade,Infinitive,
hade,hading,Pres Part.,
haemorrhage,haemorrhages,3Sg Non-Past,
haemorrhage,haemorrhage,Infinitive,
haemorrhage,haemorrhaging,Pres Part.,
hafta,hadda,Past,
hafta,hadda,Past Part.,
hafta,hafta,3Sg Non-Past,
hafta,hafta,Infinitive,
hafta,hasta,3Sg Non-Past,
hailse,hailsed,Past,
hailse,hailsed,Past Part.,
hailse,hailses,3Sg Non-Past,
hailse,hailse,Infinitive,
hailse,hailsing,Pres Part.,
halfcock,halfcocked,Past Part.,
halfcock,halfcocking,Pres Part.,
halfcock,halfcocks,3Sg Non-Past,
halfcock,halfcock,Infinitive,
halftone,halftones,3Sg Non-Past,
halftone,halftone,Infinitive,
halftone,halftoning,Pres Part.,
hallo,halloed,Past Part.,
hallo,halloing,Pres Part.,
hallo,hallos,3Sg Non-Past,
hallo,hallo,Infinitive,
hamble,hambling,Pres Part.,
ham,hams,3Sg Non-Past,
ham,ham,Infinitive,
hammermill,hammermilled,Past,
hammermill,hammermilled,Past Part.,
hammermill,hammermilling,Pres Part.,
hammermill,hammermills,3Sg Non-Past,
hammermill,hammermill,Infinitive,
handcuff,handcuffing,Pres Part.,
handcuff,handcuffs,3Sg Non-Past,
handcuff,handcuff,Infinitive,
handfast,handfasted,Past Part.,
handfast,handfasting,Pres Part.,
handfast,handfasts,3Sg Non-Past,
handfast,handfast,Infinitive,
handmake,handmake,Infinitive,
handmake,handmaking,Pres Part.,
happen,happened,Past,
happen,happened,Past Part.,
happen,happening,Pres Part.,
happen,happens,3Sg Non-Past,
happen,happen,Infinitive,
happify,happify,Infinitive,
hard-boil,hard-boiled,Past,
hard-boil,hard-boiled,Past Part.,
hard-boil,hard-boiling,Pres Part.,
hard-boil,hard-boils,3Sg Non-Past,
hard-boil,hard-boil,Infinitive,
hardboil,hardboil,Infinitive,
harlequin,harlequined,Past Part.,
harlequin,harlequining,Pres Part.,
harlequin,harlequins,3Sg Non-Past,
harlequin,harlequin,Infinitive,
harp,harping,Pres Part.,
harp,harps,3Sg Non-Past,
harp,harp,Infinitive,
harshen,harshened,Past,
harshen,harshened,Past Part.,
harshen,harshening,Pres Part.,
harshen,harshens,3Sg Non-Past,
harshen,harshen,Infinitive,
harvest,harvested,Past Part.,
harvest,harvesting,Pres Part.,
harvest,harvests,3Sg Non-Past,
harvest,harvest,Infinitive,
hash,hash,Infinitive,
haunce,haunced,Past Part.,
haunce,haunces,3Sg Non-Past,
haunce,haunce,Infinitive,
haunce,hauncing,Pres Part.,
haunt,haunted,Past,
haunt,haunted,Past Part.,
haunt,haunting,Pres Part.,
haunt,haunts,3Sg Non-Past,
haunt,haunt,Infinitive,
headquarter,headquarter,Infinitive,
heat,heated,Past,
heat,heated,Past Part.,
heat,heating,Pres Part.,
heat,heats,3Sg Non-Past,
heat,heat,Infinitive,
heave,heaves,3Sg Non-Past,
heave,heave,Infinitive,
heave,heaving,Pres Part.,
heave,hoven,Past Part.,
heave,hove,Past,
heave,hove,Past Part.,
heckle,heckle,Infinitive,
heckle,heckling,Pres Part.,
heigh-ho,heigh-hoing,Pres Part.,
heigh-ho,heigh-hos,3Sg Non-Past,
heigh-ho,heigh-ho,Infinitive,
heli-ski,heli-skied,Past Part.,
heli-ski,heli-skiing,Pres Part.,
heli-ski,heli-skis,3Sg Non-Past,
heli-ski,heli-ski,Infinitive,
Hellenize,Hellenized,Past Part.,
Hellenize,Hellenizes,3Sg Non-Past,
Hellenize,Hellenize,Infinitive,
Hellenize,Hellenizing,Pres Part.,
hemstitch,hemstitching,Pres Part.,
hemstitch,hemstitch,Infinitive,
hereticize,hereticized,Past Part.,
hereticize,hereticizes,3Sg Non-Past,
hereticize,hereticize,Infinitive,
hereticize,hereticizing,Pres Part.,
herye,herye,Infinitive,
herye,herying,Pres Part.,
heterosexualize,heterosexualized,Past,
heterosexualize,heterosexualized,Past Part.,
heterosexualize,heterosexualizes,3Sg Non-Past,
heterosexualize,heterosexualize,Infinitive,
heterosexualize,heterosexualizing,Pres Part.,
hidate,hidate,Infinitive,
hidate,hidating,Pres Part.,
hierarchize,hierarchizing,Pres Part.,
hilt,hilts,3Sg Non-Past,
hilt,hilt,Infinitive,
hippodrome,hippodrome,Infinitive,
hippodrome,hippodroming,Pres Part.,
hiss,hisses,3Sg Non-Past,
hiss,hissing,Pres Part.,
hiss,hiss,Infinitive,
hitchhike,hitchhiking,Pres Part.,
hit-skip,hit-skipped,Past Part.,
hit-skip,hit-skipping,Pres Part.,
hit-skip,hit-skips,3Sg Non-Past,
hit-skip,hit-skip,Infinitive,
hobanob,hobanobbed,Past,
hobanob,hobanobbed,Past Part.,
hobanob,hobanobbing,Pres Part.,
hobanob,hobanobs,3Sg Non-Past,
hobanob,hobanob,Infinitive,
hobble,hobbled,Past Part.,
hobble,hobbles,3Sg Non-Past,
hobble,hobble,Infinitive,
hobble,hobbling,Pres Part.,
hobo,hoboed,Past Part.,
hobo,hoboing,Pres Part.,
hobo,hobos,3Sg Non-Past,
hobo,hobo,Infinitive,
hockle,hockled,Past Part.,
hockle,hockles,3Sg Non-Past,
hockle,hockle,Infinitive,
hockle,hockling,Pres Part.,
hockle,hocklin,Pres Part.,
hocuspocus,hocuspocused,Past,
hocuspocus,hocuspocused,Past Part.,
hocuspocus,hocuspocuses,3Sg Non-Past,
hocuspocus,hocuspocusing,Pres Part.,
hocuspocus,hocuspocus,Infinitive,
hoick,hoicking,Pres Part.,
hoick,hoicks,3Sg Non-Past,
hoick,hoick,Infinitive,
hoiden,hoidens,3Sg Non-Past,
hoiden,hoiden,Infinitive,
hollo,holloed,Past,
hollo,holloed,Past Part.,
hollo,holloes,3Sg Non-Past,
hollo,holloing,Pres Part.,
hollo,hollo,Infinitive,
homopolymerize,homopolymerizes,3Sg Non-Past,
homopolymerize,homopolymerize,Infinitive,
homopolymerize,homopolymerizing,Pres Part.,
hook,hook,Infinitive,
hop,hopped,Past Part.,
hop,hopping,Pres Part.,
hop,hops,3Sg Non-Past,
hop,hop,Infinitive,
horseshoe,horseshoed,Past,
horseshoe,horseshoed,Past Part.,
horseshoe,horseshoeing,Pres Part.,
horseshoe,horseshoes,3Sg Non-Past,
horseshoe,horseshoe,Infinitive,
hose,hose,Infinitive,
hose,hosing,Pres Part.,
hotbox,hotboxes,3Sg Non-Past,
hotbox,hotboxing,Pres Part.,
hotbox,hotbox,Infinitive,
hotdesk,hotdesked,Past,
hotdesk,hotdesked,Past Part.,
hotdesk,hotdesking,Pres Part.,
hotdesk,hotdesks,3Sg Non-Past,
hotdesk,hotdesk,Infinitive,
housekeep,housekept,Past,
housekeep,housekept,Past Part.,
hovel,hoveled,Past,
hovel,hoveled,Past Part.,
hovel,hoveling,Pres Part.,
hovel,hovelled,Past,
hovel,hovelled,Past Part.,
hovel,hovelling,Pres Part.,
hovel,hovels,3Sg Non-Past,
hovel,hovel,Infinitive,
hover,hovered,Past Part.,
hover,hovering,Pres Part.,
hover,hovers,3Sg Non-Past,
hover,hover,Infinitive,
howl,howled,Past,
howl,howled,Past Part.,
howl,howling,Pres Part.,
howl,howls,3Sg Non-Past,
howl,howl,Infinitive,
humanise,humanised,Past,
humanise,humanised,Past Part.,
humanise,humanises,3Sg Non-Past,
humanise,humanise,Infinitive,
humanise,humanising,Pres Part.,
humblebrag,humblebragged,Past Part.,
humblebrag,humblebragging,Pres Part.,
humblebrag,humblebrags,3Sg Non-Past,
humblebrag,humblebrag,Infinitive,
humble,humbled,Past,
humble,humbled,Past Part.,
humble,humbles,3Sg Non-Past,
humble,humble,Infinitive,
humble,humbling,Pres Part.,
humbug,humbugs,3Sg Non-Past,
humbug,humbug,Infinitive,
humorise,humorises,3Sg Non-Past,
humorise,humorise,Infinitive,
humorise,humorising,Pres Part.,
hurdle,hurdled,Past Part.,
hurdle,hurdles,3Sg Non-Past,
hurdle,hurdle,Infinitive,
hurdle,hurdling,Pres Part.,
husband,husbanded,Past Part.,
husband,husbanding,Pres Part.,
husband,husbands,3Sg Non-Past,
husband,husband,Infinitive,
hybernate,hybernate,Infinitive,
hybernate,hybernating,Pres Part.,
hydrogenise,hydrogenised,Past Part.,
hydrogenise,hydrogenises,3Sg Non-Past,
hydrogenise,hydrogenise,Infinitive,
hydrogenise,hydrogenising,Pres Part.,
hydroisomerize,hydroisomerize,Infinitive,
hydroisomerize,hydroisomerizing,Pres Part.,
hypersexualise,hypersexualised,Past Part.,
hypersexualise,hypersexualises,3Sg Non-Past,
hypersexualise,hypersexualise,Infinitive,
hypersexualise,hypersexualising,Pres Part.,
hypersexualize,hypersexualizing,Pres Part.,
hyperventilate,hyperventilated,Past,
hyperventilate,hyperventilated,Past Part.,
hyperventilate,hyperventilates,3Sg Non-Past,
hyperventilate,hyperventilate,Infinitive,
hyperventilate,hyperventilating,Pres Part.,
hyphenate,hyphenated,Past Part.,
hyphenate,hyphenates,3Sg Non-Past,
hyphenate,hyphenate,Infinitive,
hyphenate,hyphenating,Pres Part.,
idealize,idealized,Past,
idealize,idealized,Past Part.,
idealize,idealizes,3Sg Non-Past,
idealize,idealize,Infinitive,
idealize,idealizing,Pres Part.,
ideate,ideated,Past,
ideate,ideated,Past Part.,
ideate,ideates,3Sg Non-Past,
ideate,ideate,Infinitive,
ideate,ideating,Pres Part.,
ideologize,ideologizing,Pres Part.,
idolatrize,idolatrized,Past Part.,
idolatrize,idolatrizes,3Sg Non-Past,
idolatrize,idolatrize,Infinitive,
idolatrize,idolatrizing,Pres Part.,
ignify,ignifying,Pres Part.,
ignify,ignify,Infinitive,
ignite,ignite,Infinitive,
ignite,igniting,Pres Part.,
ignore,ignoring,Pres Part.,
illude,illuded,Past Part.,
illude,illudes,3Sg Non-Past,
illude,illude,Infinitive,
illude,illuding,Pres Part.,
imagine,imagine,Infinitive,
imagine,imagining,Pres Part.,
imagin,imagined,Past Part.,
imagin,imagining,Pres Part.,
imagin,imagins,3Sg Non-Past,
imagin,imagin,Infinitive,
imbitter,imbittered,Past,
imbitter,imbittered,Past Part.,
imbitter,imbittering,Pres Part.,
imbitter,imbitters,3Sg Non-Past,
imbitter,imbitter,Infinitive,
imbosk,imbosked,Past,
imbosk,imbosked,Past Part.,
imbosk,imbosking,Pres Part.,
imbosk,imbosks,3Sg Non-Past,
imbosk,imbosk,Infinitive,
imbreathe,imbreathes,3Sg Non-Past,
imbreathe,imbreathe,Infinitive,
imbreathe,imbreathing,Pres Part.,
imbrew,imbrews,3Sg Non-Past,
imbrew,imbrew,Infinitive,
imbrown,imbrown,Infinitive,
IM,IM,Infinitive,
immask,immask,Infinitive,
immerse,immersing,Pres Part.,
immix,immixed,Past Part.,
immix,immixes,3Sg Non-Past,
immix,immixing,Pres Part.,
immix,immix,Infinitive,
immobilize,immobilized,Past,
immobilize,immobilized,Past Part.,
immobilize,immobilizes,3Sg Non-Past,
immobilize,immobilize,Infinitive,
immobilize,immobilizing,Pres Part.,
immunosuppress,immunosuppressed,Past Part.,
immunosuppress,immunosuppresses,3Sg Non-Past,
immunosuppress,immunosuppressing,Pres Part.,
immunosuppress,immunosuppress,Infinitive,
impede,impeded,Past,
impede,impeded,Past Part.,
impede,impedes,3Sg Non-Past,
impede,impede,Infinitive,
impede,impeding,Pres Part.,
impend,impended,Past,
impend,impended,Past Part.,
impend,impending,Pres Part.,
impend,impends,3Sg Non-Past,
impend,impend,Infinitive,
impetrate,impetrated,Past,
impetrate,impetrated,Past Part.,
impetrate,impetrates,3Sg Non-Past,
impetrate,impetrate,Infinitive,
impetrate,impetrating,Pres Part.,
imp,imped,Past,
imp,imped,Past Part.,
imp,imping,Pres Part.,
imp,imps,3Sg Non-Past,
imp,imp,Infinitive,
implate,implates,3Sg Non-Past,
implate,implate,Infinitive,
implate,implating,Pres Part.,
implode,imploding,Pres Part.,
impowre,impowred,Past Part.,
impowre,impowres,3Sg Non-Past,
impowre,impowre,Infinitive,
impowre,impowring,Pres Part.,
imprint,imprinted,Past Part.,
imprint,imprinting,Pres Part.,
imprint,imprints,3Sg Non-Past,
imprint,imprint,Infinitive,
impure,impured,Past,
impure,impured,Past Part.,
impure,impures,3Sg Non-Past,
impure,impure,Infinitive,
impure,impuring,Pres Part.,
inaurate,inaurated,Past,
inaurate,inaurated,Past Part.,
inaurate,inaurates,3Sg Non-Past,
inaurate,inaurate,Infinitive,
inaurate,inaurating,Pres Part.,
inbend,inbend,Infinitive,
inbend,inbent,Past,
inbend,inbent,Past Part.,
in-box,in-box,Infinitive,
inburn,inburns,3Sg Non-Past,
inburn,inburn,Infinitive,
incapsulate,incapsulates,3Sg Non-Past,
incapsulate,incapsulate,Infinitive,
incapsulate,incapsulating,Pres Part.,
incarnadine,incarnadines,3Sg Non-Past,
incarnadine,incarnadine,Infinitive,
incarnadine,incarnadining,Pres Part.,
incept,incepted,Past,
incept,incepted,Past Part.,
incept,incepting,Pres Part.,
incept,incepts,3Sg Non-Past,
incept,incept,Infinitive,
inchase,inchases,3Sg Non-Past,
inchase,inchase,Infinitive,
inchase,inchasing,Pres Part.,
inchoate,inchoate,Infinitive,
inchoate,inchoating,Pres Part.,
incinerate,incinerates,3Sg Non-Past,
incinerate,incinerate,Infinitive,
incinerate,incinerating,Pres Part.,
incline,inclining,Pres Part.,
incommode,incommoded,Past,
incommode,incommoded,Past Part.,
incommode,incommodes,3Sg Non-Past,
incommode,incommode,Infinitive,
incommode,incommoding,Pres Part.,
incorporate,incorporate,Infinitive,
incorporate,incorporating,Pres Part.,
incrassate,incrassated,Past Part.,
incrassate,incrassates,3Sg Non-Past,
incrassate,incrassate,Infinitive,
incrassate,incrassating,Pres Part.,
increate,increate,Infinitive,
increate,increating,Pres Part.,
increpate,increpated,Past Part.,
increpate,increpates,3Sg Non-Past,
increpate,increpate,Infinitive,
increpate,increpating,Pres Part.,
incrustate,incrustating,Pres Part.,
inculcate,inculcated,Past,
inculcate,inculcated,Past Part.,
inculcate,inculcates,3Sg Non-Past,
inculcate,inculcate,Infinitive,
inculcate,inculcating,Pres Part.,
inculk,inculks,3Sg Non-Past,
inculk,inculk,Infinitive,
indew,indew,Infinitive,
individualise,individualising,Pres Part.,
induce,induced,Past,
induce,induced,Past Part.,
induce,induces,3Sg Non-Past,
induce,induce,Infinitive,
induce,inducing,Pres Part.,
indulgence,indulgencing,Pres Part.,
indungeon,indungeoned,Past,
indungeon,indungeoned,Past Part.,
indungeon,indungeoning,Pres Part.,
indungeon,indungeons,3Sg Non-Past,
indungeon,indungeon,Infinitive,
inescate,inescates,3Sg Non-Past,
inescate,inescate,Infinitive,
inescate,inescating,Pres Part.,
inexist,inexisted,Past Part.,
inexist,inexisting,Pres Part.,
inexist,inexists,3Sg Non-Past,
inexist,inexist,Infinitive,
infall,infall,Infinitive,
infall,infell,Past,
infect,infected,Past Part.,
infect,infecting,Pres Part.,
infect,infects,3Sg Non-Past,
infect,infect,Infinitive,
infeoff,infeoffed,Past,
infeoff,infeoffed,Past Part.,
infeoff,infeoffing,Pres Part.,
infeoff,infeoffs,3Sg Non-Past,
infeoff,infeoff,Infinitive,
infer,infers,3Sg Non-Past,
infer,infer,Infinitive,
infill,infills,3Sg Non-Past,
infill,infill,Infinitive,
inflict,inflicting,Pres Part.,
inflict,inflicts,3Sg Non-Past,
inflict,inflict,Infinitive,
ingrave,ingrave,Infinitive,
ingrave,ingraving,Pres Part.,
inhabitate,inhabitate,Infinitive,
inhabitate,inhabitating,Pres Part.,
inhere,inhere,Infinitive,
inhere,inhering,Pres Part.,
inhibit,inhibited,Past Part.,
inhibit,inhibiting,Pres Part.,
inhibit,inhibits,3Sg Non-Past,
inhibit,inhibit,Infinitive,
inlard,inlard,Infinitive,
innew,innewing,Pres Part.,
innew,innews,3Sg Non-Past,
innew,innew,Infinitive,
inn,inns,3Sg Non-Past,
inn,inn,Infinitive,
innovate,innovates,3Sg Non-Past,
innovate,innovate,Infinitive,
innovate,innovating,Pres Part.,
inorganize,inorganizes,3Sg Non-Past,
inorganize,inorganize,Infinitive,
inorganize,inorganizing,Pres Part.,
inrage,inraged,Past Part.,
inrage,inrages,3Sg Non-Past,
inrage,inrage,Infinitive,
inrage,inraging,Pres Part.,
inroll,inrolling,Pres Part.,
inroll,inrolls,3Sg Non-Past,
inroll,inroll,Infinitive,
inscroll,inscrolled,Past Part.,
inscroll,inscrolling,Pres Part.,
inscroll,inscrolls,3Sg Non-Past,
inscroll,inscroll,Infinitive,
in-service,in-serviced,Past Part.,
in-service,in-service,Infinitive,
in-service,in-servicing,3Sg Non-Past,
insonate,insonates,3Sg Non-Past,
insonate,insonate,Infinitive,
insonate,insonating,Pres Part.,
insoul,insouls,3Sg Non-Past,
insoul,insoul,Infinitive,
inspirit,inspirited,Past,
inspirit,inspirited,Past Part.,
inspirit,inspiriting,Pres Part.,
inspirit,inspirits,3Sg Non-Past,
inspirit,inspirit,Infinitive,
inspissate,inspissated,Past Part.,
inspissate,inspissates,3Sg Non-Past,
inspissate,inspissate,Infinitive,
inspissate,inspissating,Pres Part.,
instal,instals,3Sg Non-Past,
instal,instal,Infinitive,
instanciate,instanciated,Past Part.,
instanciate,instanciates,3Sg Non-Past,
instanciate,instanciate,Infinitive,
instanciate,instanciating,Pres Part.,
instil,instils,3Sg Non-Past,
instil,instil,Infinitive,
institutionalise,institutionalise,Infinitive,
institutionalise,institutionalising,Pres Part.,
instop,instopped,Past,
instop,instopped,Past Part.,
instop,instopping,Pres Part.,
instop,instops,3Sg Non-Past,
instop,instop,Infinitive,
insult,insults,3Sg Non-Past,
insult,insult,Infinitive,
intail,intailing,Pres Part.,
intail,intails,3Sg Non-Past,
intail,intail,Infinitive,
intellectualise,intellectualising,Pres Part.,
intellectualize,intellectualized,Past Part.,
intellectualize,intellectualizes,3Sg Non-Past,
intellectualize,intellectualize,Infinitive,
intellectualize,intellectualizing,Pres Part.,
interact,interact,Infinitive,
interblend,interblended,Past,
interblend,interblended,Past Part.,
interblend,interblending,Pres Part.,
interblend,interblends,3Sg Non-Past,
interblend,interblend,Infinitive,
interblend,interblent,Past,
interblend,interblent,Past Part.,
intercloud,interclouded,Past,
intercloud,interclouded,Past Part.,
intercloud,interclouding,Pres Part.,
intercloud,interclouds,3Sg Non-Past,
intercloud,intercloud,Infinitive,
interdine,interdines,3Sg Non-Past,
interdine,interdine,Infinitive,
interdine,interdining,Pres Part.,
interest,interest,Infinitive,
interfinger,interfinger,Infinitive,
interjaculate,interjaculate,Infinitive,
interjaculate,interjaculating,Pres Part.,
interlay,interlay,Infinitive,
interminate,interminate,Infinitive,
interminate,interminating,Pres Part.,
intermingle,intermingles,3Sg Non-Past,
intermingle,intermingle,Infinitive,
intermingle,intermingling,Pres Part.,
internalize,internalize,Infinitive,
internalize,internalizing,Pres Part.,
interosculate,interosculated,Past,
interosculate,interosculated,Past Part.,
interosculate,interosculates,3Sg Non-Past,
interosculate,interosculate,Infinitive,
interosculate,interosculating,Pres Part.,
interpone,interpone,Infinitive,
interpone,interponing,Pres Part.,
interreact,interreact,Infinitive,
interset,intersetting,Pres Part.,
interset,interset,Infinitive,
interset,interset,Past,
interset,interset,Past Part.,
intershock,intershocked,Past Part.,
intershock,intershocking,Pres Part.,
intershock,intershocks,3Sg Non-Past,
intershock,intershock,Infinitive,
intersperse,interspersing,Pres Part.,
interstratify,interstratified,Past,
interstratify,interstratified,Past Part.,
interstratify,interstratifies,3Sg Non-Past,
interstratify,interstratifying,Pres Part.,
interstratify,interstratify,Infinitive,
intertwist,intertwisted,Past Part.,
intertwist,intertwisting,Pres Part.,
intertwist,intertwists,3Sg Non-Past,
intertwist,intertwist,Infinitive,
intervolve,intervolving,Pres Part.,
interwiki,interwikiing,Pres Part.,
interwiki,interwikis,3Sg Non-Past,
interwiki,interwiki,Infinitive,
intrench,intrenching,Pres Part.,
intrench,intrench,Infinitive,
intrigue,intrigues,3Sg Non-Past,
intrigue,intrigue,Infinitive,
intrigue,intriguing,Pres Part.,
intromit,intromitted,Past Part.,
intromit,intromitting,Pres Part.,
intromit,intromit,Infinitive,
inturbidate,inturbidate,Infinitive,
inturbidate,inturbidating,Pres Part.,
intwist,intwist,Infinitive,
inumbrate,inumbrated,Past,
inumbrate,inumbrated,Past Part.,
inumbrate,inumbrates,3Sg Non-Past,
inumbrate,inumbrate,Infinitive,
inumbrate,inumbrating,Pres Part.,
invalid,invalid,Infinitive,
invert,invert,Infinitive,
investigate,investigating,Pres Part.,
invigorate,invigorating,Pres Part.,
invisibilize,invisibilizes,3Sg Non-Past,
invisibilize,invisibilize,Infinitive,
invisibilize,invisibilizing,Pres Part.,
inwork,inwrought,Past Part.,
iodise,iodised,Past,
iodise,iodised,Past Part.,
iodise,iodises,3Sg Non-Past,
iodise,iodise,Infinitive,
iodise,iodising,Pres Part.,
irrumate,irrumates,3Sg Non-Past,
irrumate,irrumate,Infinitive,
irrumate,irrumating,Pres Part.,
Israelify,Israelified,Past Part.,
Israelify,Israelifies,3Sg Non-Past,
Israelify,Israelifying,Pres Part.,
Israelify,Israelify,Infinitive,
'it,'it,Infinitive,
'it,'it,Past,
'it,'it,Past Part.,
jackass,jackassed,Past,
jackass,jackassed,Past Part.,
jackass,jackasses,3Sg Non-Past,
jackass,jackassing,Pres Part.,
jackass,jackass,Infinitive,
jack,jack,Infinitive,
jactitate,jactitated,Past Part.,
jactitate,jactitates,3Sg Non-Past,
jactitate,jactitate,Infinitive,
jactitate,jactitating,Pres Part.,
Jacuzzi,Jacuzziing,Pres Part.,
Jacuzzi,Jacuzzis,3Sg Non-Past,
Jacuzzi,Jacuzzi,Infinitive,
jam,jam,Infinitive,
jar,jarred,Past Part.,
jar,jarring,Pres Part.,
jar,jars,3Sg Non-Past,
jar,jar,Infinitive,
jawbone,jawbone,Infinitive,
jawbone,jawboning,Pres Part.,
jeff,jeffing,Pres Part.,
jeff,jeffs,3Sg Non-Past,
jeff,jeff,Infinitive,
jell,jelled,Past,
jell,jelled,Past Part.,
jell,jelling,Pres Part.,
jell,jells,3Sg Non-Past,
jell,jell,Infinitive,
jeopard,jeoparded,Past Part.,
jeopard,jeoparding,Pres Part.,
jeopard,jeopards,3Sg Non-Past,
jeopard,jeopard,Infinitive,
jess,jessed,Past,
jess,jessed,Past Part.,
jess,jesses,3Sg Non-Past,
jess,jessing,Pres Part.,
jess,jess,Infinitive,
jest,jest,Infinitive,
jigsaw,jigsawed,Past Part.,
jigsaw,jigsawing,Pres Part.,
jigsaw,jigsawn,Past Part.,
jigsaw,jigsaws,3Sg Non-Past,
jigsaw,jigsaw,Infinitive,
jihadize,jihadizing,Pres Part.,
jillick,jillicking,Pres Part.,
jillick,jillicks,3Sg Non-Past,
jillick,jillick,Infinitive,
joggle,joggling,Pres Part.,
jolley,jolleying,Pres Part.,
jolley,jolleys,3Sg Non-Past,
jolley,jolley,Infinitive,
journalize,journalized,Past Part.,
journalize,journalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
journalize,journalize,Infinitive,
journalize,journalizing,Pres Part.,
judg,judged,Past,
judg,judged,Past Part.,
judg,judges,3Sg Non-Past,
judg,judging,Pres Part.,
judg,judg,Infinitive,
junk,junked,Past Part.,
junk,junking,Pres Part.,
junk,junks,3Sg Non-Past,
junk,junk,Infinitive,
justle,justling,Pres Part.,
keen,keen,Infinitive,
keep,keeping,Pres Part.,
keep,keeps,3Sg Non-Past,
keep,keep,Infinitive,
keep,kept,Past,
keep,kept,Past Part.,
kegel,kegels,3Sg Non-Past,
kegel,kegel,Infinitive,
ken,kent,Past Part.,
ken,ken,Infinitive,
keyboard,keyboarded,Past Part.,
keyboard,keyboarding,Pres Part.,
keyboard,keyboards,3Sg Non-Past,
keyboard,keyboard,Infinitive,
keypunch,keypunch,Infinitive,
kiboze,kiboze,Infinitive,
kiboze,kibozing,Pres Part.,
kickflip,kickflipped,Past Part.,
kickflip,kickflipping,Pres Part.,
kickflip,kickflips,3Sg Non-Past,
kickflip,kickflip,Infinitive,
kick-step,kick-steps,3Sg Non-Past,
kick-step,kick-step,Infinitive,
kife,kifing,Pres Part.,
killfile,killfiled,Past Part.,
killfile,killfiles,3Sg Non-Past,
killfile,killfile,Infinitive,
killfile,killfiling,Pres Part.,
kilt,kilt,Infinitive,
kissle,kissle,Infinitive,
kissle,kissling,Pres Part.,
kittle,kittles,3Sg Non-Past,
kittle,kittle,Infinitive,
kittle,kittling,Pres Part.,
knauvshawl,knauvshawled,Past Part.,
knauvshawl,knauvshawling,Pres Part.,
knauvshawl,knauvshawls,3Sg Non-Past,
knauvshawl,knauvshawl,Infinitive,
knife,knifing,Pres Part.,
knout,knouted,Past Part.,
knout,knouting,Pres Part.,
knout,knouts,3Sg Non-Past,
knout,knout,Infinitive,
knucklewalk,knucklewalking,Pres Part.,
knucklewalk,knucklewalks,3Sg Non-Past,
knucklewalk,knucklewalk,Infinitive,
krige,krige,Infinitive,
krige,kriging,Pres Part.,
labell,labell,Infinitive,
lackey,lackey,Infinitive,
ladder,laddered,Past,
ladder,laddered,Past Part.,
ladder,laddering,Pres Part.,
ladder,ladders,3Sg Non-Past,
ladder,ladder,Infinitive,
lade,laded,Past,
lade,laded,Past Part.,
lade,laden,Past Part.,
lade,lades,3Sg Non-Past,
lade,lade,Infinitive,
lade,lading,Pres Part.,
ladyfy,ladyfying,Pres Part.,
ladyfy,ladyfy,Infinitive,
laicise,laicising,Pres Part.,
lair,laired,Past,
lair,laired,Past Part.,
lair,lairing,Pres Part.,
lair,lairs,3Sg Non-Past,
lair,lair,Infinitive,
lallygag,lallygagged,Past,
lallygag,lallygagged,Past Part.,
lallygag,lallygagging,Pres Part.,
lallygag,lallygags,3Sg Non-Past,
lallygag,lallygag,Infinitive,
laminarize,laminarized,Past Part.,
laminarize,laminarizes,3Sg Non-Past,
laminarize,laminarize,Infinitive,
laminarize,laminarizing,Pres Part.,
lamp,lamped,Past Part.,
lamp,lamping,Pres Part.,
lamp,lamps,3Sg Non-Past,
lamp,lamp,Infinitive,
lank,lanks,3Sg Non-Past,
lank,lank,Infinitive,
lant,lant,Infinitive,
LARP,LARPing,Pres Part.,
LARP,LARPs,3Sg Non-Past,
LARP,LARP,Infinitive,
larrup,larrupped,Past,
larrup,larrupped,Past Part.,
larrup,larrupping,Pres Part.,
larrup,larrups,3Sg Non-Past,
larrup,larrup,Infinitive,
lase,lased,Past,
lase,lased,Past Part.,
lase,lases,3Sg Non-Past,
lase,lase,Infinitive,
lase,lasing,Pres Part.,
lateral,lateraled,Past,
lateral,lateraled,Past Part.,
lateral,lateraling,Pres Part.,
lateral,lateralled,Past,
lateral,lateralled,Past Part.,
lateral,lateralling,Pres Part.,
lateral,laterals,3Sg Non-Past,
lateral,lateral,Infinitive,
lather,lathered,Past Part.,
lather,lathering,Pres Part.,
lather,lathers,3Sg Non-Past,
lather,lather,Infinitive,
laudanum,laudanuming,Pres Part.,
laudanum,laudanums,3Sg Non-Past,
laudanum,laudanum,Infinitive,
launch,launched,Past,
launch,launched,Past Part.,
launch,launches,3Sg Non-Past,
launch,launching,Pres Part.,
launch,launch,Infinitive,
laundress,laundressed,Past,
laundress,laundressed,Past Part.,
laundress,laundresses,3Sg Non-Past,
laundress,laundressing,Pres Part.,
laundress,laundress,Infinitive,
laureate,laureating,Pres Part.,
lavish,lavish,Infinitive,
lazyload,lazyload,Infinitive,
leak,leaked,Past,
leak,leaked,Past Part.,
leak,leaking,Pres Part.,
leak,leaks,3Sg Non-Past,
leak,leak,Infinitive,
leapfrog,leapfrogging,Pres Part.,
leapfrog,leapfrogs,3Sg Non-Past,
leapfrog,leapfrog,Infinitive,
leech,leeched,Past,
leech,leeched,Past Part.,
leech,leeches,3Sg Non-Past,
leech,leeching,Pres Part.,
leech,leech,Infinitive,
leeroy,leeroys,3Sg Non-Past,
leeroy,leeroy,Infinitive,
leese,leesing,Pres Part.,
legalise,legalised,Past,
legalise,legalised,Past Part.,
legalise,legalises,3Sg Non-Past,
legalise,legalise,Infinitive,
legalise,legalising,Pres Part.,
leger,legered,Past Part.,
leger,legering,Pres Part.,
leger,legers,3Sg Non-Past,
leger,leger,Infinitive,
lengthen,lengthened,Past,
lengthen,lengthened,Past Part.,
lengthen,lengthening,Pres Part.,
lengthen,lengthens,3Sg Non-Past,
lengthen,lengthen,Infinitive,
lesson,lessoned,Past Part.,
lesson,lessoning,Pres Part.,
lesson,lessons,3Sg Non-Past,
lesson,lesson,Infinitive,
lever,levered,Past,
lever,levered,Past Part.,
lever,levering,Pres Part.,
lever,levers,3Sg Non-Past,
lever,lever,Infinitive,
libel,libeling,Pres Part.,
libel,libelled,Past,
libel,libelled,Past Part.,
libel,libelling,Pres Part.,
libel,libels,3Sg Non-Past,
libel,libel,Infinitive,
lid,lid,3Sg Non-Past,
lid,lid,Infinitive,
lightning,lightnings,3Sg Non-Past,
lightning,lightning,Infinitive,
lignify,lignify,Infinitive,
liken,liken,Infinitive,
limit,limited,Past Part.,
limit,limiting,Pres Part.,
limit,limits,3Sg Non-Past,
limit,limit,Infinitive,
limn,limned,Past Part.,
limn,limning,Pres Part.,
limn,limns,3Sg Non-Past,
limn,limn,Infinitive,
lionize,lionizes,3Sg Non-Past,
lionize,lionize,Infinitive,
lionize,lionizing,Pres Part.,
lip-read,lip-read,Past Part.,
lipsync,lipsyncs,3Sg Non-Past,
lipsync,lipsync,Infinitive,
liquidise,liquidise,Infinitive,
liquidise,liquidising,Pres Part.,
liquidize,liquidizing,Pres Part.,
lirt,lirting,Pres Part.,
lirt,lirts,3Sg Non-Past,
lirt,lirt,Infinitive,
lisse,lisse,Infinitive,
lisse,lissing,Pres Part.,
liss,lissing,Pres Part.,
liss,liss,Infinitive,
lite,lite,Infinitive,
lite,liting,Pres Part.,
literalize,literalized,Past,
literalize,literalized,Past Part.,
literalize,literalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
literalize,literalize,Infinitive,
literalize,literalizing,Pres Part.,
litigate,litigating,Pres Part.,
livery,liveried,Past,
livery,liveried,Past Part.,
livery,liveries,3Sg Non-Past,
livery,liverying,Pres Part.,
livery,livery,Infinitive,
loam,loaming,Pres Part.,
loam,loams,3Sg Non-Past,
loam,loam,Infinitive,
loave,loaves,3Sg Non-Past,
loave,loave,Infinitive,
loave,loaving,Pres Part.,
lob,lobbed,Past Part.,
lob,lobbing,Pres Part.,
lob,lobs,3Sg Non-Past,
lob,lob,Infinitive,
localise,localised,Past Part.,
localise,localises,3Sg Non-Past,
localise,localise,Infinitive,
localise,localising,Pres Part.,
localize,localizing,Pres Part.,
lodge,lodged,Past,
lodge,lodged,Past Part.,
lodge,lodges,3Sg Non-Past,
lodge,lodge,Infinitive,
lodge,lodging,Pres Part.,
lofe,lofed,Past Part.,
lofe,lofes,3Sg Non-Past,
lofe,lofe,Infinitive,
lofe,lofing,Pres Part.,
loft,lofting,Pres Part.,
loft,lofts,3Sg Non-Past,
loft,loft,Infinitive,
lojbanize,lojbanizing,Pres Part.,
loricate,loricate,Infinitive,
loricate,loricating,Pres Part.,
louche,louches,3Sg Non-Past,
louche,louche,Infinitive,
louche,louching,Pres Part.,
lounge,lounges,3Sg Non-Past,
lounge,lounge,Infinitive,
lounge,lounging,Pres Part.,
lout,louted,Past,
lout,louted,Past Part.,
lout,louting,Pres Part.,
lout,louts,3Sg Non-Past,
lout,lout,Infinitive,
love,loves,3Sg Non-Past,
love,love,Infinitive,
love,loving,Pres Part.,
lube,lubes,3Sg Non-Past,
lube,lube,Infinitive,
lube,lubing,Pres Part.,
luck,luck,Infinitive,
luge,luged,Past,
luge,luged,Past Part.,
luge,luges,3Sg Non-Past,
luge,luge,Infinitive,
luge,luging,Pres Part.,
lunge,lunge,Infinitive,
lunge,lunging,Pres Part.,
lurk,lurk,Infinitive,
lurry,lurrying,Pres Part.,
lurry,lurry,Infinitive,
lush,lushes,3Sg Non-Past,
lush,lushing,Pres Part.,
lush,lush,Infinitive,
lusk,lusked,Past,
lusk,lusked,Past Part.,
lusk,lusking,Pres Part.,
lusk,lusks,3Sg Non-Past,
lusk,lusk,Infinitive,
luv,luved,Past,
luv,luved,Past Part.,
luv,luving,Pres Part.,
luv,luvs,3Sg Non-Past,
luv,luvved,Past,
luv,luvved,Past Part.,
luv,luvving,Pres Part.,
luv,luv,Infinitive,
luv,luvz,3Sg Non-Past,
ma'am,ma'aming,Pres Part.,
ma'am,ma'ams,3Sg Non-Past,
ma'am,ma'am,Infinitive,
macadam,macadams,3Sg Non-Past,
macadam,macadam,Infinitive,
mace,maced,Past,
mace,maced,Past Part.,
mace,maces,3Sg Non-Past,
mace,mace,Infinitive,
mace,macing,Pres Part.,
machine,machined,Past,
machine,machined,Past Part.,
machine,machines,3Sg Non-Past,
machine,machine,Infinitive,
machine,machining,Pres Part.,
mack,macked,Past,
mack,macked,Past Part.,
mack,macking,Pres Part.,
mack,macks,3Sg Non-Past,
mack,mack,Infinitive,
maffick,mafficked,Past,
maffick,mafficked,Past Part.,
maffick,mafficking,Pres Part.,
maffick,mafficks,3Sg Non-Past,
maffick,maffick,Infinitive,
majestify,majestified,Past Part.,
majestify,majestifies,3Sg Non-Past,
majestify,majestifying,Pres Part.,
majestify,majestify,Infinitive,
make,make,Infinitive,
make,making,Pres Part.,
malagarouse,malagaroused,Past,
malagarouse,malagaroused,Past Part.,
malagarouse,malagarouses,3Sg Non-Past,
malagarouse,malagarouse,Infinitive,
malagarouse,malagarousing,Pres Part.,
malignify,malignified,Past Part.,
malignify,malignifies,3Sg Non-Past,
malignify,malignifying,Pres Part.,
malignify,malignify,Infinitive,
malky,malkying,Pres Part.,
malky,malky,Infinitive,
manace,manacing,Pres Part.,
mander,mandered,Past Part.,
mander,mandering,Pres Part.,
mander,manders,3Sg Non-Past,
mander,mander,Infinitive,
manducate,manducates,3Sg Non-Past,
manducate,manducate,Infinitive,
manducate,manducating,Pres Part.,
mang,mangs,3Sg Non-Past,
mang,mang,Infinitive,
manipulate,manipulate,Infinitive,
manipulate,manipulating,Pres Part.,
manufacture,manufacture,Infinitive,
manufacture,manufacturing,Pres Part.,
marble,marble,Infinitive,
marble,marbling,Pres Part.,
mark,mark,Infinitive,
marl,marled,Past,
marl,marled,Past Part.,
marl,marling,Pres Part.,
marl,marls,3Sg Non-Past,
marl,marl,Infinitive,
marmalade,marmaladed,Past Part.,
marmalade,marmalades,3Sg Non-Past,
marmalade,marmalade,Infinitive,
marmalade,marmalading,Pres Part.,
marmalise,marmalising,Pres Part.,
mar,mar,Infinitive,
Martinize,Martinizing,Pres Part.,
masker,maskered,Past Part.,
masker,maskering,Pres Part.,
masker,maskers,3Sg Non-Past,
masker,masker,Infinitive,
massacre,massacre,Infinitive,
massacre,massacring,Pres Part.,
mass-produce,mass-produces,3Sg Non-Past,
mass-produce,mass-produce,Infinitive,
mass-produce,mass-producing,Pres Part.,
master,masters,3Sg Non-Past,
master,master,Infinitive,
mastre,mastre,Infinitive,
mastre,mastring,Pres Part.,
materialize,materialize,Infinitive,
materialize,materializing,Pres Part.,
matronize,matronizing,Pres Part.,
maturate,maturated,Past,
maturate,maturated,Past Part.,
maturate,maturates,3Sg Non-Past,
maturate,maturate,Infinitive,
maturate,maturating,Pres Part.,
maximin,maximin,Infinitive,
meawl,meawled,Past Part.,
meawl,meawling,Pres Part.,
meawl,meawls,3Sg Non-Past,
meawl,meawl,Infinitive,
mechanise,mechanised,Past Part.,
mechanise,mechanises,3Sg Non-Past,
mechanise,mechanise,Infinitive,
mechanise,mechanising,Pres Part.,
medicate,medicate,Infinitive,
medicate,medicating,Pres Part.,
medievalize,medievalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
medievalize,medievalize,Infinitive,
medievalize,medievalizing,Pres Part.,
Mediterraneanize,Mediterraneanizes,3Sg Non-Past,
Mediterraneanize,Mediterraneanize,Infinitive,
Mediterraneanize,Mediterraneanizing,Pres Part.,
medize,medizes,3Sg Non-Past,
medize,medize,Infinitive,
medize,medizing,Pres Part.,
meeken,meekened,Past Part.,
meeken,meekening,Pres Part.,
meeken,meekens,3Sg Non-Past,
meeken,meeken,Infinitive,
meet,met,Past Part.,
melanize,melanizes,3Sg Non-Past,
melanize,melanize,Infinitive,
melanize,melanizing,Pres Part.,
mellify,mellify,Infinitive,
melodise,melodised,Past,
melodise,melodised,Past Part.,
melodise,melodises,3Sg Non-Past,
melodise,melodise,Infinitive,
melodise,melodising,Pres Part.,
melt,melts,3Sg Non-Past,
melt,melt,Infinitive,
melt,molten,Past Part.,
melt,molt,Past,
memorialize,memorializes,3Sg Non-Past,
memorialize,memorialize,Infinitive,
memorialize,memorializing,Pres Part.,
meow,meowed,Past Part.,
meow,meowing,Pres Part.,
meow,meows,3Sg Non-Past,
meow,meow,Infinitive,
mercurialize,mercurialize,Infinitive,
mercurialize,mercurializing,Pres Part.,
merge,merged,Past,
merge,merged,Past Part.,
merge,merges,3Sg Non-Past,
merge,merge,Infinitive,
merge,merging,Pres Part.,
mergesort,mergesorted,Past,
mergesort,mergesorted,Past Part.,
mergesort,mergesorting,Pres Part.,
mergesort,mergesorts,3Sg Non-Past,
mergesort,mergesort,Infinitive,
messenger,messengered,Past Part.,
messenger,messengering,Pres Part.,
messenger,messengers,3Sg Non-Past,
messenger,messenger,Infinitive,
meteorize,meteorizes,3Sg Non-Past,
meteorize,meteorize,Infinitive,
meteorize,meteorizing,Pres Part.,
meter,meter,Infinitive,
metonymize,metonymizing,Pres Part.,
metricise,metricise,Infinitive,
metricise,metricising,Pres Part.,
metrosexualize,metrosexualized,Past,
metrosexualize,metrosexualized,Past Part.,
metrosexualize,metrosexualizes,3Sg Non-Past,
metrosexualize,metrosexualize,Infinitive,
metrosexualize,metrosexualizing,Pres Part.,
microchip,microchip,Infinitive,
micromanage,micromanaged,Past,
micromanage,micromanaged,Past Part.,
micromanage,micromanages,3Sg Non-Past,
micromanage,micromanage,Infinitive,
micromanage,micromanaging,Pres Part.,
midwive,midwived,Past Part.,
midwive,midwives,3Sg Non-Past,
midwive,midwive,Infinitive,
midwive,midwiving,Pres Part.,
militarize,militarized,Past,
militarize,militarized,Past Part.,
militarize,militarizes,3Sg Non-Past,
militarize,militarize,Infinitive,
militarize,militarizing,Pres Part.,
milse,milsing,Pres Part.,
milt,milt,Infinitive,
mime,mimes,3Sg Non-Past,
mime,mime,Infinitive,
mime,miming,Pres Part.,
mimick,mimicks,3Sg Non-Past,
mimick,mimick,Infinitive,
minge,minge,Infinitive,
minge,minging,Pres Part.,
minify,minifying,Pres Part.,
minify,minify,Infinitive,
minimalize,minimalized,Past,
minimalize,minimalized,Past Part.,
minimalize,minimalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
minimalize,minimalize,Infinitive,
minimalize,minimalizing,Pres Part.,
min,minned,Past Part.,
min,minning,Pres Part.,
min,mins,3Sg Non-Past,
min,min,Infinitive,
minor,minors,3Sg Non-Past,
minor,minor,Infinitive,
minse,minsed,Past Part.,
minse,minses,3Sg Non-Past,
minse,minse,Infinitive,
minse,minsing,Pres Part.,
mirage,miraged,Past Part.,
mirage,mirages,3Sg Non-Past,
mirage,mirage,Infinitive,
mirage,miraging,Pres Part.,
Miranda,Mirandas,3Sg Non-Past,
Miranda,Miranda,Infinitive,
mirken,mirken,Infinitive,
mirk,mirking,Pres Part.,
mirk,mirks,3Sg Non-Past,
mirk,mirk,Infinitive,
mirror,mirror,Infinitive,
misadjust,misadjusts,3Sg Non-Past,
misadjust,misadjust,Infinitive,
misadvise,misadvise,Infinitive,
misadvise,misadvising,Pres Part.,
misaim,misaimed,Past,
misaim,misaimed,Past Part.,
misaim,misaiming,Pres Part.,
misaim,misaims,3Sg Non-Past,
misaim,misaim,Infinitive,
misalign,misalign,Infinitive,
misally,misally,Infinitive,
misarrange,misarrange,Infinitive,
misarrange,misarranging,Pres Part.,
misbeat,misbeaten,Past Part.,
misbeat,misbeating,Pres Part.,
misbeat,misbeats,3Sg Non-Past,
misbeat,misbeat,Infinitive,
misbeat,misbeat,Past,
misbeat,misbeat,Past Part.,
misbelieve,misbelieved,Past Part.,
misbelieve,misbelieves,3Sg Non-Past,
misbelieve,misbelieve,Infinitive,
misbelieve,misbelieving,Pres Part.,
miscategorize,miscategorizing,Pres Part.,
mischieve,mischieving,Pres Part.,
mischristen,mischristened,Past,
mischristen,mischristened,Past Part.,
mischristen,mischristening,Pres Part.,
mischristen,mischristens,3Sg Non-Past,
mischristen,mischristen,Infinitive,
miscleave,miscleaves,3Sg Non-Past,
miscleave,miscleave,Infinitive,
miscleave,miscleaving,Pres Part.,
miscleave,miscleft,Past,
miscleave,miscleft,Past Part.,
miscleave,miscloven,Past Part.,
miscleave,misclove,Past,
miscognize,miscognizing,Pres Part.,
miscounsel,miscounselled,Past Part.,
miscounsel,miscounselling,Pres Part.,
miscounsel,miscounsels,3Sg Non-Past,
miscounsel,miscounsel,Infinitive,
misdiagnose,misdiagnoses,3Sg Non-Past,
misdiagnose,misdiagnose,Infinitive,
misdiagnose,misdiagnosing,Pres Part.,
misfuel,misfuels,3Sg Non-Past,
misfuel,misfuel,Infinitive,
misgo,misgoing,Pres Part.,
misgo,misgone,Past Part.,
misgo,misgo,Infinitive,
misgo,miswent,Past,
misguggle,misguggle,Infinitive,
misguggle,misguggling,Pres Part.,
misguilt,misguilted,Past,
misguilt,misguilted,Past Part.,
misguilt,misguilting,Pres Part.,
misguilt,misguilts,3Sg Non-Past,
misguilt,misguilt,Infinitive,
mis-hit,mis-hit,3Sg Non-Past,
mis-hit,mis-hit,Infinitive,
mis-hit,mis-hit,Past Part.,
misincorporate,misincorporated,Past Part.,
misincorporate,misincorporates,3Sg Non-Past,
misincorporate,misincorporate,Infinitive,
misincorporate,misincorporating,Pres Part.,
misinform,misinforming,Pres Part.,
misinform,misinforms,3Sg Non-Past,
misinform,misinform,Infinitive,
misinspire,misinspires,3Sg Non-Past,
misinspire,misinspire,Infinitive,
misinspire,misinspiring,Pres Part.,
misjudge,misjudge,Infinitive,
misjudge,misjudging,Pres Part.,
miskeep,miskeeping,Pres Part.,
miskeep,miskeeps,3Sg Non-Past,
miskeep,miskeep,Infinitive,
miskeep,miskept,Past,
miskeep,miskept,Past Part.,
mislight,mislight,Infinitive,
mislike,misliked,Past,
mislike,misliked,Past Part.,
mislike,mislikes,3Sg Non-Past,
mislike,mislike,Infinitive,
mislike,misliking,Pres Part.,
mislink,mislinking,Pres Part.,
mislink,mislinks,3Sg Non-Past,
mislink,mislink,Infinitive,
misnote,misnote,Infinitive,
misnote,misnoting,Pres Part.,
misnurture,misnurtured,Past Part.,
misnurture,misnurtures,3Sg Non-Past,
misnurture,misnurture,Infinitive,
misnurture,misnurturing,Pres Part.,
misobserve,misobserving,Pres Part.,
mispaint,mispainted,Past Part.,
mispaint,mispainting,Pres Part.,
mispaint,mispaints,3Sg Non-Past,
mispaint,mispaint,Infinitive,
mispair,mispaired,Past Part.,
mispair,mispairing,Pres Part.,
mispair,mispairs,3Sg Non-Past,
mispair,mispair,Infinitive,
misplant,misplanting,Pres Part.,
misplant,misplants,3Sg Non-Past,
misplant,misplant,Infinitive,
misportray,misportrayed,Past,
misportray,misportrayed,Past Part.,
misportray,misportraying,Pres Part.,
misportray,misportrays,3Sg Non-Past,
misportray,misportray,Infinitive,
mispraise,mispraising,Pres Part.,
misprice,misprices,3Sg Non-Past,
misprice,misprice,Infinitive,
misprice,mispricing,Pres Part.,
misprocess,misprocessed,Past Part.,
misprocess,misprocesses,3Sg Non-Past,
misprocess,misprocessing,Pres Part.,
misprocess,misprocess,Infinitive,
misprogramme,misprogrammed,Past Part.,
misprogramme,misprogrammes,3Sg Non-Past,
misprogramme,misprogramme,Infinitive,
misprogramme,misprogramming,Pres Part.,
misprogram,misprograms,3Sg Non-Past,
misprogram,misprogram,Infinitive,
misqualify,misqualified,Past,
misqualify,misqualified,Past Part.,
misqualify,misqualifies,3Sg Non-Past,
misqualify,misqualifying,Pres Part.,
misqualify,misqualify,Infinitive,
misregard,misregarded,Past,
misregard,misregarded,Past Part.,
misregard,misregarding,Pres Part.,
misregard,misregards,3Sg Non-Past,
misregard,misregard,Infinitive,
misregulate,misregulate,Infinitive,
misregulate,misregulating,Pres Part.,
misstructure,misstructured,Past,
misstructure,misstructured,Past Part.,
misstructure,misstructures,3Sg Non-Past,
misstructure,misstructure,Infinitive,
misstructure,misstructuring,Pres Part.,
mistell,mistold,Past,
mistell,mistold,Past Part.,
mistemper,mistemper,Infinitive,
misthink,misthinking,Pres Part.,
misthink,misthinks,3Sg Non-Past,
misthink,misthink,Infinitive,
misthink,misthought,Past,
misthink,misthought,Past Part.,
mistle,mistled,Past,
mistle,mistled,Past Part.,
mistle,mistles,3Sg Non-Past,
mistle,mistle,Infinitive,
mistle,mistling,Pres Part.,
mistranslate,mistranslates,3Sg Non-Past,
mistranslate,mistranslate,Infinitive,
mistranslate,mistranslating,Pres Part.,
mistune,mistunes,3Sg Non-Past,
mistune,mistune,Infinitive,
mistune,mistuning,Pres Part.,
misuse,misused,Past Part.,
misuse,misuses,3Sg Non-Past,
misuse,misuse,Infinitive,
misuse,misusing,Pres Part.,
misvote,misvoting,Pres Part.,
mobilise,mobilised,Past,
mobilise,mobilised,Past Part.,
mobilise,mobilises,3Sg Non-Past,
mobilise,mobilise,Infinitive,
mobilise,mobilising,Pres Part.,
modalise,modalised,Past,
modalise,modalised,Past Part.,
modalise,modalises,3Sg Non-Past,
modalise,modalise,Infinitive,
modalise,modalising,Pres Part.,
mod,modding,Pres Part.,
mod,mods,3Sg Non-Past,
mod,mod,Infinitive,
moither,moithered,Past Part.,
moither,moithering,Pres Part.,
moither,moithers,3Sg Non-Past,
moither,moither,Infinitive,
molarize,molarized,Past,
molarize,molarized,Past Part.,
molarize,molarizes,3Sg Non-Past,
molarize,molarize,Infinitive,
molarize,molarizing,Pres Part.,
mollify,mollified,Past Part.,
mollify,mollifies,3Sg Non-Past,
mollify,mollifying,Pres Part.,
mollify,mollify,Infinitive,
monetise,monetised,Past Part.,
monetise,monetises,3Sg Non-Past,
monetise,monetise,Infinitive,
monetise,monetising,Pres Part.,
monkey,monkied,Past,
monkey,monkied,Past Part.,
monogram,monogrammed,Past Part.,
monogram,monogramming,Pres Part.,
monogram,monograms,3Sg Non-Past,
monogram,monogram,Infinitive,
monoubiquitinate,monoubiquitinate,Infinitive,
monoubiquitinate,monoubiquitinating,Pres Part.,
monsterize,monsterized,Past Part.,
monsterize,monsterizes,3Sg Non-Past,
monsterize,monsterize,Infinitive,
monsterize,monsterizing,Pres Part.,
mope,mope,Infinitive,
mope,moping,Pres Part.,
Mormonise,Mormonise,Infinitive,
Mormonise,Mormonising,Pres Part.,
mortalize,mortalizing,Pres Part.,
motivate,motivates,3Sg Non-Past,
motivate,motivate,Infinitive,
motivate,motivating,Pres Part.,
motorize,motorizes,3Sg Non-Past,
motorize,motorize,Infinitive,
motorize,motorizing,Pres Part.,
moult,moulted,Past Part.,
moult,moulting,Pres Part.,
moult,moults,3Sg Non-Past,
moult,moult,Infinitive,
mountainboard,mountainboarded,Past Part.,
mountainboard,mountainboarding,Pres Part.,
mountainboard,mountainboards,3Sg Non-Past,
mountainboard,mountainboard,Infinitive,
moyle,moyles,3Sg Non-Past,
moyle,moyle,Infinitive,
moyle,moyling,Pres Part.,
mozy,mozying,Pres Part.,
mozy,mozy,Infinitive,
MST,MSTing,Pres Part.,
MST,MSTs,3Sg Non-Past,
MST,MST,Infinitive,
muffle,muffles,3Sg Non-Past,
muffle,muffle,Infinitive,
muffle,muffling,Pres Part.,
mules,muleses,3Sg Non-Past,
mules,mulesing,Pres Part.,
mules,mules,Infinitive,
munt,munting,Pres Part.,
munt,munts,3Sg Non-Past,
munt,munt,Infinitive,
Muslimize,Muslimized,Past,
Muslimize,Muslimized,Past Part.,
Muslimize,Muslimizes,3Sg Non-Past,
Muslimize,Muslimize,Infinitive,
Muslimize,Muslimizing,Pres Part.,
mussitate,mussitating,Pres Part.,
muss,mussed,Past,
muss,mussed,Past Part.,
muss,musses,3Sg Non-Past,
muss,mussing,Pres Part.,
muss,muss,Infinitive,
mutine,mutined,Past,
mutine,mutined,Past Part.,
mutine,mutines,3Sg Non-Past,
mutine,mutine,Infinitive,
mutine,mutining,Pres Part.,
mwah-mwah,mwah-mwahing,Pres Part.,
mwah-mwah,mwah-mwahs,3Sg Non-Past,
mwah-mwah,mwah-mwah,Infinitive,
mysticise,mysticised,Past,
mysticise,mysticised,Past Part.,
mysticise,mysticises,3Sg Non-Past,
mysticise,mysticise,Infinitive,
mysticise,mysticising,Pres Part.,
namefag,namefags,3Sg Non-Past,
namefag,namefag,Infinitive,
narcotise,narcotised,Past,
narcotise,narcotised,Past Part.,
narcotise,narcotises,3Sg Non-Past,
narcotise,narcotise,Infinitive,
narcotise,narcotising,Pres Part.,
narrativize,narrativized,Past,
narrativize,narrativized,Past Part.,
narrativize,narrativizes,3Sg Non-Past,
narrativize,narrativize,Infinitive,
narrativize,narrativizing,Pres Part.,
narrow,narrows,3Sg Non-Past,
narrow,narrow,Infinitive,
naturalise,naturalise,Infinitive,
naturalise,naturalising,Pres Part.,
nay,nays,3Sg Non-Past,
nay,nay,Infinitive,
nebulise,nebulising,Pres Part.,
negativize,negativize,Infinitive,
negativize,negativizing,Pres Part.,
negotiate,negotiated,Past,
negotiate,negotiated,Past Part.,
negotiate,negotiates,3Sg Non-Past,
negotiate,negotiate,Infinitive,
negotiate,negotiating,Pres Part.,
neologise,neologised,Past Part.,
neologise,neologises,3Sg Non-Past,
neologise,neologise,Infinitive,
neologise,neologising,Pres Part.,
neologize,neologizing,Pres Part.,
neshen,neshened,Past Part.,
neshen,neshening,Pres Part.,
neshen,neshens,3Sg Non-Past,
neshen,neshen,Infinitive,
nesslerise,nesslerising,Pres Part.,
nesslerize,nesslerized,Past,
nesslerize,nesslerized,Past Part.,
nesslerize,nesslerizes,3Sg Non-Past,
nesslerize,nesslerize,Infinitive,
nesslerize,nesslerizing,Pres Part.,
net,netting,Pres Part.,
net,net,Infinitive,
neuroimage,neuroimages,3Sg Non-Past,
neuroimage,neuroimage,Infinitive,
neuroimage,neuroimaging,Pres Part.,
newcast,newcast,Past Part.,
newcoin,newcoined,Past,
newcoin,newcoined,Past Part.,
newcoin,newcoining,Pres Part.,
newcoin,newcoins,3Sg Non-Past,
newcoin,newcoin,Infinitive,
newfashion,newfashions,3Sg Non-Past,
newfashion,newfashion,Infinitive,
newfront,newfronted,Past,
newfront,newfronted,Past Part.,
newfront,newfronting,Pres Part.,
newfront,newfronts,3Sg Non-Past,
newfront,newfront,Infinitive,
new-model,new-models,3Sg Non-Past,
new-model,new-model,Infinitive,
nickname,nicknamed,Past,
nickname,nicknamed,Past Part.,
nickname,nicknames,3Sg Non-Past,
nickname,nickname,Infinitive,
nickname,nicknaming,Pres Part.,
Nifong,Nifonging,Pres Part.,
Nifong,Nifongs,3Sg Non-Past,
Nifong,Nifong,Infinitive,
niggerize,niggerizes,3Sg Non-Past,
niggerize,niggerize,Infinitive,
niggerize,niggerizing,Pres Part.,
nigger,nigger,Infinitive,
ninja,ninja'd,Past Part.,
ninja,ninjaed,Past,
ninja,ninjaed,Past Part.,
ninja,ninjaing,Pres Part.,
ninja,ninjas,3Sg Non-Past,
ninja,ninja,Infinitive,
nipponize,nipponized,Past Part.,
nipponize,nipponizes,3Sg Non-Past,
nipponize,nipponize,Infinitive,
nipponize,nipponizing,Pres Part.,
nitpick,nitpick,Infinitive,
nitrogenate,nitrogenating,Pres Part.,
nobble,nobble,Infinitive,
nobble,nobbling,Pres Part.,
nob,nobbed,Past,
nob,nobbed,Past Part.,
nob,nobbing,Pres Part.,
nob,nobs,3Sg Non-Past,
nob,nob,Infinitive,
nock,nocked,Past,
nock,nocked,Past Part.,
nock,nocking,Pres Part.,
nock,nocks,3Sg Non-Past,
nock,nock,Infinitive,
noctivagate,noctivagated,Past Part.,
noctivagate,noctivagates,3Sg Non-Past,
noctivagate,noctivagate,Infinitive,
noctivagate,noctivagating,Pres Part.,
nog,nogs,3Sg Non-Past,
nog,nog,Infinitive,
noint,nointed,Past Part.,
noint,nointing,Pres Part.,
noint,noints,3Sg Non-Past,
noint,noint,Infinitive,
nomenclate,nomenclating,Pres Part.,
nominalize,nominalized,Past Part.,
nominalize,nominalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
nominalize,nominalize,Infinitive,
nominalize,nominalizing,Pres Part.,
nom,nommed,Past Part.,
nom,nomming,Pres Part.,
nom,noms,3Sg Non-Past,
nom,nom,Infinitive,
nonsensify,nonsensifying,Pres Part.,
nonsensify,nonsensify,Infinitive,
noodge,noodges,3Sg Non-Past,
noodge,noodge,Infinitive,
noodge,noodging,Pres Part.,
noose,nooses,3Sg Non-Past,
noose,noose,Infinitive,
noose,noosing,Pres Part.,
nose,nosed,Past Part.,
nose,noses,3Sg Non-Past,
nose,nose,Infinitive,
nose,nosing,Pres Part.,
no-show,no-showed,Past,
no-show,no-showed,Past Part.,
no-show,no-showing,Pres Part.,
no-show,no-shows,3Sg Non-Past,
no-show,no-show,Infinitive,
notate,notate,Infinitive,
notate,notating,Pres Part.,
nought,noughted,Past,
nought,noughted,Past Part.,
nought,noughting,Pres Part.,
nought,noughts,3Sg Non-Past,
nought,nought,Infinitive,
nuddle,nuddles,3Sg Non-Past,
nuddle,nuddle,Infinitive,
nuddle,nuddling,Pres Part.,
nutshot,nutshots,3Sg Non-Past,
nutshot,nutshotting,Pres Part.,
nutshot,nutshot,Infinitive,
nutshot,nutshot,Past,
nutshot,nutshot,Past Part.,
oar,oared,Past,
oar,oared,Past Part.,
oar,oaring,Pres Part.,
oar,oars,3Sg Non-Past,
oar,oar,Infinitive,
obelize,obelized,Past,
obelize,obelized,Past Part.,
obelize,obelizes,3Sg Non-Past,
obelize,obelize,Infinitive,
obelize,obelizing,Pres Part.,
obey,obeyed,Past Part.,
obey,obeying,Pres Part.,
obey,obeys,3Sg Non-Past,
obey,obey,Infinitive,
obfusticate,obfusticated,Past Part.,
obfusticate,obfusticates,3Sg Non-Past,
obfusticate,obfusticate,Infinitive,
obfusticate,obfusticating,Pres Part.,
objectify,objectify,Infinitive,
objectivize,objectivized,Past,
objectivize,objectivized,Past Part.,
objectivize,objectivizes,3Sg Non-Past,
objectivize,objectivize,Infinitive,
objectivize,objectivizing,Pres Part.,
oblectate,oblectated,Past,
oblectate,oblectated,Past Part.,
oblectate,oblectates,3Sg Non-Past,
oblectate,oblectate,Infinitive,
oblectate,oblectating,Pres Part.,
obliterate,obliterates,3Sg Non-Past,
obliterate,obliterate,Infinitive,
obliterate,obliterating,Pres Part.,
obsign,obsigned,Past Part.,
obsign,obsigning,Pres Part.,
obsign,obsigns,3Sg Non-Past,
obsign,obsign,Infinitive,
obsolete,obsoleted,Past,
obsolete,obsoleted,Past Part.,
obsolete,obsoletes,3Sg Non-Past,
obsolete,obsolete,Infinitive,
obsolete,obsoleting,Pres Part.,
obstupefy,obstupefies,3Sg Non-Past,
obstupefy,obstupefying,Pres Part.,
obstupefy,obstupefy,Infinitive,
obviate,obviates,3Sg Non-Past,
obviate,obviate,Infinitive,
obviate,obviating,Pres Part.,
OCR,OCRs,3Sg Non-Past,
OCR,OCR,Infinitive,
odize,odize,Infinitive,
odize,odizing,Pres Part.,
odorise,odorising,Pres Part.,
offboard,offboarded,Past Part.,
offboard,offboarding,Pres Part.,
offboard,offboards,3Sg Non-Past,
offboard,offboard,Infinitive,
offcast,offcast,Past,
offcast,offcast,Past Part.,
offcut,offcut,Infinitive,
offcut,offcut,Past,
offcut,offcut,Past Part.,
off-gas,off-gasses,3Sg Non-Past,
off-gas,off-gassing,Pres Part.,
off-gas,off-gas,Infinitive,
off,offed,Past Part.,
off,offing,Pres Part.,
off,offs,3Sg Non-Past,
off,off,Infinitive,
off-split,off-split,Infinitive,
off-split,off-split,Past,
off-split,off-split,Past Part.,
omnibus,omnibussed,Past Part.,
omnibus,omnibusses,3Sg Non-Past,
omnibus,omnibussing,Pres Part.,
omnibus,omnibus,Infinitive,
one,one,Infinitive,
one,oning,Pres Part.,
onhold,onhold,Infinitive,
opinionate,opinionate,Infinitive,
opinionate,opinionating,Pres Part.,
oppose,opposes,3Sg Non-Past,
oppose,oppose,Infinitive,
oppose,opposing,Pres Part.,
opsonise,opsonised,Past,
opsonise,opsonised,Past Part.,
opsonise,opsonises,3Sg Non-Past,
opsonise,opsonise,Infinitive,
opsonise,opsonising,Pres Part.,
opsonize,opsonize,Infinitive,
opsonize,opsonizing,Pres Part.,
optimize,optimizes,3Sg Non-Past,
optimize,optimize,Infinitive,
optimize,optimizing,Pres Part.,
oratorize,oratorized,Past,
oratorize,oratorized,Past Part.,
oratorize,oratorizes,3Sg Non-Past,
oratorize,oratorize,Infinitive,
oratorize,oratorizing,Pres Part.,
orbit,orbit,Infinitive,
ordain,ordain,Infinitive,
orgasm,orgasmed,Past,
orgasm,orgasmed,Past Part.,
orgasm,orgasming,Pres Part.,
orgasm,orgasms,3Sg Non-Past,
orgasm,orgasm,Infinitive,
orienteer,orienteered,Past,
orienteer,orienteered,Past Part.,
orienteer,orienteering,Pres Part.,
orienteer,orienteers,3Sg Non-Past,
orienteer,orienteer,Infinitive,
ornament,ornamented,Past Part.,
ornament,ornamenting,Pres Part.,
ornament,ornaments,3Sg Non-Past,
ornament,ornament,Infinitive,
osmose,osmosed,Past,
osmose,osmosed,Past Part.,
osmose,osmoses,3Sg Non-Past,
osmose,osmose,Infinitive,
osmose,osmosing,Pres Part.,
osmote,osmotes,3Sg Non-Past,
osmote,osmote,Infinitive,
osmote,osmoting,Pres Part.,
otherize,otherized,Past Part.,
otherize,otherizes,3Sg Non-Past,
otherize,otherize,Infinitive,
otherize,otherizing,Pres Part.,
outborrow,outborrows,3Sg Non-Past,
outborrow,outborrow,Infinitive,
outbreast,outbreasted,Past,
outbreast,outbreasted,Past Part.,
outbreast,outbreasting,Pres Part.,
outbreast,outbreasts,3Sg Non-Past,
outbreast,outbreast,Infinitive,
outbreed,outbred,Past,
outbreed,outbred,Past Part.,
outbreed,outbreeding,Pres Part.,
outbreed,outbreeds,3Sg Non-Past,
outbreed,outbreed,Infinitive,
outbring,outbrought,Past,
outbring,outbrought,Past Part.,
outburn,outburns,3Sg Non-Past,
outburn,outburn,Infinitive,
outburst,outburst,Past Part.,
outcaste,outcasted,Past,
outcaste,outcasted,Past Part.,
outcaste,outcastes,3Sg Non-Past,
outcaste,outcaste,Infinitive,
outcaste,outcasting,Pres Part.,
outcool,outcooled,Past,
outcool,outcooled,Past Part.,
outcool,outcooling,Pres Part.,
outcool,outcools,3Sg Non-Past,
outcool,outcool,Infinitive,
outcrack,outcracking,Pres Part.,
outcrack,outcracks,3Sg Non-Past,
outcrack,outcrack,Infinitive,
outdrink,outdrinking,Pres Part.,
outdrink,outdrinks,3Sg Non-Past,
outdrink,outdrink,Infinitive,
outface,outface,Infinitive,
outface,outfacing,Pres Part.,
outfall,outfell,Past,
outfuck,outfucks,3Sg Non-Past,
outfuck,outfuck,Infinitive,
outglow,outglowed,Past,
outglow,outglowed,Past Part.,
outglow,outglowing,Pres Part.,
outglow,outglows,3Sg Non-Past,
outglow,outglow,Infinitive,
outgrow,outgrown,Past Part.,
outgrow,outgrows,3Sg Non-Past,
outgrow,outgrow,Infinitive,
outhale,outhaled,Past Part.,
outhale,outhales,3Sg Non-Past,
outhale,outhale,Infinitive,
outhale,outhaling,Pres Part.,
outhandle,outhandles,3Sg Non-Past,
outhandle,outhandle,Infinitive,
outhandle,outhandling,Pres Part.,
outhit,outhit,Past,
outhit,outhit,Past Part.,
outhold,outholds,3Sg Non-Past,
outhold,outhold,Infinitive,
outjuggle,outjuggling,Pres Part.,
outlay,outlaid,Past,
outlay,outlaid,Past Part.,
outlay,outlaying,Pres Part.,
outlay,outlays,3Sg Non-Past,
outlay,outlay,Infinitive,
outlift,outlifting,Pres Part.,
outlift,outlifts,3Sg Non-Past,
outlift,outlift,Infinitive,
outman,outmanning,Pres Part.,
outman,outmans,3Sg Non-Past,
outman,outman,Infinitive,
outmeasure,outmeasure,Infinitive,
outmeasure,outmeasuring,Pres Part.,
outmount,outmounted,Past Part.,
outmount,outmounting,Pres Part.,
outmount,outmounts,3Sg Non-Past,
outmount,outmount,Infinitive,
outpaint,outpaint,Infinitive,
outperform,outperforming,Pres Part.,
outperform,outperforms,3Sg Non-Past,
outperform,outperform,Infinitive,
outpitch,outpitched,Past Part.,
outpitch,outpitches,3Sg Non-Past,
outpitch,outpitching,Pres Part.,
outpitch,outpitch,Infinitive,
outpoint,outpointing,Pres Part.,
outpoint,outpoints,3Sg Non-Past,
outpoint,outpoint,Infinitive,
outpoise,outpoising,Pres Part.,
outpour,outpouring,Pres Part.,
outpour,outpours,3Sg Non-Past,
outpour,outpour,Infinitive,
outprize,outprizing,Pres Part.,
outproduce,outproduce,Infinitive,
outproduce,outproducing,Pres Part.,
outrival,outrival,Infinitive,
outrush,outrushing,Pres Part.,
outrush,outrush,Infinitive,
outsave,outsaving,Pres Part.,
outscold,outscolded,Past Part.,
outscold,outscolding,Pres Part.,
outscold,outscolds,3Sg Non-Past,
outscold,outscold,Infinitive,
outscream,outscreamed,Past,
outscream,outscreamed,Past Part.,
outscream,outscreaming,Pres Part.,
outscream,outscreams,3Sg Non-Past,
outscream,outscream,Infinitive,
outspeak,outspeak,Infinitive,
outspeak,outspoken,Past Part.,
outspeak,outspoke,Past,
outspend,outspending,Pres Part.,
outspend,outspends,3Sg Non-Past,
outspend,outspend,Infinitive,
outspend,outspent,Past,
outspend,outspent,Past Part.,
outspring,outsprings,3Sg Non-Past,
outspring,outspring,Infinitive,
outspring,outsprung,Past Part.,
outsurvive,outsurvived,Past Part.,
outsurvive,outsurvives,3Sg Non-Past,
outsurvive,outsurvive,Infinitive,
outsurvive,outsurviving,Pres Part.,
outswell,outswells,3Sg Non-Past,
outswell,outswell,Infinitive,
outswell,outswollen,Past Part.,
outthrow,outthrown,Past Part.,
outthrow,outthrows,3Sg Non-Past,
outthrow,outthrow,Infinitive,
outvoice,outvoicing,Pres Part.,
outvote,outvoting,Pres Part.,
outwatch,outwatched,Past,
outwatch,outwatched,Past Part.,
outwatch,outwatches,3Sg Non-Past,
outwatch,outwatching,Pres Part.,
outwatch,outwatch,Infinitive,
outwell,outwelled,Past Part.,
outwell,outwelling,Pres Part.,
outwell,outwells,3Sg Non-Past,
outwell,outwell,Infinitive,
outworth,outworth,Infinitive,
overachieve,overachieved,Past,
overachieve,overachieved,Past Part.,
overachieve,overachieves,3Sg Non-Past,
overachieve,overachieve,Infinitive,
overachieve,overachieving,Pres Part.,
over-approximate,over-approximated,Past,
over-approximate,over-approximated,Past Part.,
over-approximate,over-approximates,3Sg Non-Past,
over-approximate,over-approximate,Infinitive,
over-approximate,over-approximating,Pres Part.,
overboil,overboil,Infinitive,
overbrand,overbranded,Past,
overbrand,overbranded,Past Part.,
overbrand,overbranding,Pres Part.,
overbrand,overbrands,3Sg Non-Past,
overbrand,overbrand,Infinitive,
overcall,overcalled,Past,
overcall,overcalled,Past Part.,
overcall,overcalling,Pres Part.,
overcall,overcalls,3Sg Non-Past,
overcall,overcall,Infinitive,
overcategorize,overcategorize,Infinitive,
overcategorize,overcategorizing,Pres Part.,
overcentralize,overcentralizing,Pres Part.,
overcloy,overcloyed,Past Part.,
overcloy,overcloying,Pres Part.,
overcloy,overcloys,3Sg Non-Past,
overcloy,overcloy,Infinitive,
overcolour,overcolouring,Pres Part.,
overcolour,overcolours,3Sg Non-Past,
overcolour,overcolour,Infinitive,
overcook,overcook,Infinitive,
overcover,overcovered,Past,
overcover,overcovered,Past Part.,
overcover,overcovering,Pres Part.,
overcover,overcovers,3Sg Non-Past,
overcover,overcover,Infinitive,
overdate,overdated,Past Part.,
overdate,overdates,3Sg Non-Past,
overdate,overdate,Infinitive,
overdate,overdating,Pres Part.,
overdevelop,overdeveloping,Pres Part.,
overdevelop,overdevelops,3Sg Non-Past,
overdevelop,overdevelop,Infinitive,
overdramatize,overdramatizing,Pres Part.,
overdream,overdreaming,Pres Part.,
overdream,overdreams,3Sg Non-Past,
overdream,overdream,Infinitive,
overexert,overexerting,Pres Part.,
overexert,overexerts,3Sg Non-Past,
overexert,overexert,Infinitive,
overfinance,overfinanced,Past Part.,
overfinance,overfinances,3Sg Non-Past,
overfinance,overfinance,Infinitive,
overfinance,overfinancing,Pres Part.,
overfloat,overfloated,Past Part.,
overfloat,overfloating,Pres Part.,
overfloat,overfloats,3Sg Non-Past,
overfloat,overfloat,Infinitive,
overflourish,overflourishing,Pres Part.,
overflourish,overflourish,Infinitive,
overfocus,overfocused,Past Part.,
overfocus,overfocuses,3Sg Non-Past,
overfocus,overfocusing,Pres Part.,
overfocus,overfocussed,Past,
overfocus,overfocussed,Past Part.,
overfocus,overfocusses,3Sg Non-Past,
overfocus,overfocussing,Pres Part.,
overfocus,overfocus,Infinitive,
overfreight,overfreights,3Sg Non-Past,
overfreight,overfreight,Infinitive,
overfront,overfront,Infinitive,
overfuck,overfucks,3Sg Non-Past,
overfuck,overfuck,Infinitive,
overgloom,overglooming,Pres Part.,
overgloom,overglooms,3Sg Non-Past,
overgloom,overgloom,Infinitive,
overhall,overhalled,Past Part.,
overhall,overhalling,Pres Part.,
overhall,overhalls,3Sg Non-Past,
overhall,overhall,Infinitive,
overheave,overheave,Infinitive,
overheave,overheaving,Pres Part.,
overheave,overhoven,Past Part.,
overheave,overhove,Past,
overhunt,overhunts,3Sg Non-Past,
overhunt,overhunt,Infinitive,
overindulge,overindulges,3Sg Non-Past,
overindulge,overindulge,Infinitive,
overindulge,overindulging,Pres Part.,
overinfluence,overinfluenced,Past,
overinfluence,overinfluenced,Past Part.,
overinfluence,overinfluences,3Sg Non-Past,
overinfluence,overinfluence,Infinitive,
overinfluence,overinfluencing,Pres Part.,
overinstruct,overinstructed,Past,
overinstruct,overinstructed,Past Part.,
overinstruct,overinstructing,Pres Part.,
overinstruct,overinstructs,3Sg Non-Past,
overinstruct,overinstruct,Infinitive,
overinterpret,overinterpreted,Past Part.,
overinterpret,overinterpreting,Pres Part.,
overinterpret,overinterprets,3Sg Non-Past,
overinterpret,overinterpret,Infinitive,
overlay,overlay,Infinitive,
overlead,overled,Past Part.,
overlend,overlending,Pres Part.,
overlend,overlends,3Sg Non-Past,
overlend,overlend,Infinitive,
overlend,overlent,Past,
overlend,overlent,Past Part.,
overleverage,overleveraged,Past Part.,
overleverage,overleverages,3Sg Non-Past,
overleverage,overleverage,Infinitive,
overleverage,overleveraging,Pres Part.,
overlinger,overlingered,Past,
overlinger,overlingered,Past Part.,
overlinger,overlingering,Pres Part.,
overlinger,overlingers,3Sg Non-Past,
overlinger,overlinger,Infinitive,
overlink,overlinked,Past,
overlink,overlinked,Past Part.,
overlink,overlinking,Pres Part.,
overlink,overlinks,3Sg Non-Past,
overlink,overlink,Infinitive,
overmanage,overmanages,3Sg Non-Past,
overmanage,overmanage,Infinitive,
overmanage,overmanaging,Pres Part.,
overmaster,overmastered,Past,
overmaster,overmastered,Past Part.,
overmaster,overmastering,Pres Part.,
overmaster,overmasters,3Sg Non-Past,
overmaster,overmaster,Infinitive,
overmike,overmiked,Past,
overmike,overmiked,Past Part.,
overmike,overmikes,3Sg Non-Past,
overmike,overmike,Infinitive,
overmike,overmiking,Pres Part.,
overoptimize,overoptimizing,Pres Part.,
overpaint,overpainted,Past Part.,
overpaint,overpainting,Pres Part.,
overpaint,overpaints,3Sg Non-Past,
overpaint,overpaint,Infinitive,
overparameterize,overparameterized,Past,
overparameterize,overparameterized,Past Part.,
overparameterize,overparameterizes,3Sg Non-Past,
overparameterize,overparameterize,Infinitive,
overparameterize,overparameterizing,Pres Part.,
overplough,overploughed,Past Part.,
overplough,overploughing,Pres Part.,
overplough,overploughs,3Sg Non-Past,
overplough,overplough,Infinitive,
overpraise,overpraising,Pres Part.,
overprioritize,overprioritizing,Pres Part.,
overproduce,overproduced,Past,
overproduce,overproduced,Past Part.,
overproduce,overproduces,3Sg Non-Past,
overproduce,overproduce,Infinitive,
overproduce,overproducing,Pres Part.,
overpromote,overpromoted,Past,
overpromote,overpromoted,Past Part.,
overpromote,overpromotes,3Sg Non-Past,
overpromote,overpromote,Infinitive,
overpromote,overpromoting,Pres Part.,
overrake,overraked,Past Part.,
overrake,overrakes,3Sg Non-Past,
overrake,overrake,Infinitive,
overrake,overraking,Pres Part.,
oversew,oversewed,Past Part.,
oversew,oversewing,Pres Part.,
oversew,oversews,3Sg Non-Past,
oversew,oversew,Infinitive,
overshape,overshape,Infinitive,
overshape,overshaping,Pres Part.,
oversing,oversings,3Sg Non-Past,
oversing,oversing,Infinitive,
oversing,oversung,Past,
oversing,oversung,Past Part.,
overslaugh,overslaughs,3Sg Non-Past,
overslaugh,overslaugh,Infinitive,
oversoften,oversoftens,3Sg Non-Past,
oversoften,oversoften,Infinitive,
overspecialise,overspecialised,Past Part.,
overspecialise,overspecialises,3Sg Non-Past,
overspecialise,overspecialise,Infinitive,
overspecialise,overspecialising,Pres Part.,
overspeculate,overspeculated,Past Part.,
overspeculate,overspeculates,3Sg Non-Past,
overspeculate,overspeculate,Infinitive,
overspeculate,overspeculating,Pres Part.,
overspring,overspring,Infinitive,
overspring,oversprung,Past Part.,
oversprinkle,oversprinkles,3Sg Non-Past,
oversprinkle,oversprinkle,Infinitive,
oversprinkle,oversprinkling,Pres Part.,
overstare,overstare,Infinitive,
overstare,overstaring,Pres Part.,
overstress,overstressing,Pres Part.,
overstress,overstress,Infinitive,
overstretch,overstretched,Past,
overstretch,overstretched,Past Part.,
overstretch,overstretches,3Sg Non-Past,
overstretch,overstretching,Pres Part.,
overstretch,overstretch,Infinitive,
overstudy,overstudied,Past,
overstudy,overstudied,Past Part.,
overstudy,overstudies,3Sg Non-Past,
overstudy,overstudying,Pres Part.,
overstudy,overstudy,Infinitive,
overstuff,overstuffs,3Sg Non-Past,
overstuff,overstuff,Infinitive,
oversubscribe,oversubscribes,3Sg Non-Past,
oversubscribe,oversubscribe,Infinitive,
oversubscribe,oversubscribing,Pres Part.,
oversweep,oversweep,Infinitive,
oversweep,overswept,Past,
oversweep,overswept,Past Part.,
overtire,overtired,Past,
overtire,overtired,Past Part.,
overtire,overtires,3Sg Non-Past,
overtire,overtire,Infinitive,
overtire,overtiring,Pres Part.,
overtoil,overtoiling,Pres Part.,
overtoil,overtoils,3Sg Non-Past,
overtoil,overtoil,Infinitive,
overtower,overtowers,3Sg Non-Past,
overtower,overtower,Infinitive,
overtrip,overtripping,Pres Part.,
overtrip,overtrips,3Sg Non-Past,
overtrip,overtrip,Infinitive,
overtrump,overtrumped,Past Part.,
overtrump,overtrumping,Pres Part.,
overtrump,overtrumps,3Sg Non-Past,
overtrump,overtrump,Infinitive,
overtrust,overtrusts,3Sg Non-Past,
overtrust,overtrust,Infinitive,
overtwist,overtwisted,Past Part.,
overtwist,overtwisting,Pres Part.,
overtwist,overtwists,3Sg Non-Past,
overtwist,overtwist,Infinitive,
overword,overworded,Past Part.,
overword,overwording,Pres Part.,
overword,overwords,3Sg Non-Past,
overword,overword,Infinitive,
pabble,pabble,Infinitive,
pabble,pabbling,Pres Part.,
paintball,paintballs,3Sg Non-Past,
paintball,paintball,Infinitive,
paint,painted,Past,
paint,painted,Past Part.,
paint,painting,Pres Part.,
paint,paints,3Sg Non-Past,
paint,paint,Infinitive,
palace,palaced,Past,
palace,palaced,Past Part.,
palace,palaces,3Sg Non-Past,
palace,palace,Infinitive,
palace,palacing,Pres Part.,
palatize,palatized,Past,
palatize,palatized,Past Part.,
palatize,palatizes,3Sg Non-Past,
palatize,palatize,Infinitive,
palatize,palatizing,Pres Part.,
palladiumize,palladiumizes,3Sg Non-Past,
palladiumize,palladiumize,Infinitive,
palladiumize,palladiumizing,Pres Part.,
palletize,palletized,Past Part.,
palletize,palletizes,3Sg Non-Past,
palletize,palletize,Infinitive,
palletize,palletizing,Pres Part.,
pan-fry,pan-frying,Pres Part.,
pan-fry,pan-fry,Infinitive,
pantograph,pantographed,Past Part.,
pantograph,pantographing,Pres Part.,
pantograph,pantographs,3Sg Non-Past,
pantograph,pantograph,Infinitive,
pantomime,pantomimed,Past,
pantomime,pantomimed,Past Part.,
pantomime,pantomimes,3Sg Non-Past,
pantomime,pantomime,Infinitive,
pantomime,pantomiming,Pres Part.,
parable,parables,3Sg Non-Past,
parable,parable,Infinitive,
parable,parabling,Pres Part.,
parachute,parachuting,Pres Part.,
parade,parades,3Sg Non-Past,
parade,parade,Infinitive,
parade,parading,Pres Part.,
paraglide,paraglides,3Sg Non-Past,
paraglide,paraglide,Infinitive,
paraglide,paragliding,Pres Part.,
paragraph,paragraphs,3Sg Non-Past,
paragraph,paragraph,Infinitive,
parallelize,parallelized,Past Part.,
parallelize,parallelizes,3Sg Non-Past,
parallelize,parallelize,Infinitive,
parallelize,parallelizing,Pres Part.,
parallel,paralleled,Past,
parallel,paralleled,Past Part.,
parallel,paralleling,Pres Part.,
parallel,parallelled,Past,
parallel,parallelled,Past Part.,
parallel,parallelling,Pres Part.,
parallel,parallels,3Sg Non-Past,
parallel,parallel,Infinitive,
paralyse,paralysing,Pres Part.,
parcel,parceled,Past,
parcel,parceled,Past Part.,
parcel,parceling,Pres Part.,
parcel,parcelled,Past,
parcel,parcelled,Past Part.,
parcel,parcelling,Pres Part.,
parcel,parcels,3Sg Non-Past,
parcel,parcel,Infinitive,
pardon,pardoning,Pres Part.,
pardon,pardons,3Sg Non-Past,
pardon,pardon,Infinitive,
park,parking,Pres Part.,
park,parks,3Sg Non-Past,
park,park,Infinitive,
parp,parps,3Sg Non-Past,
parp,parp,Infinitive,
partay,partaying,Pres Part.,
partay,partays,3Sg Non-Past,
partay,partay,Infinitive,
pastiche,pastiching,Pres Part.,
patchwork,patchworking,Pres Part.,
patchwork,patchworks,3Sg Non-Past,
patchwork,patchwork,Infinitive,
paternalize,paternalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
paternalize,paternalize,Infinitive,
paternalize,paternalizing,Pres Part.,
path,pathed,Past Part.,
path,pathing,Pres Part.,
path,paths,3Sg Non-Past,
path,path,Infinitive,
pauperise,pauperised,Past,
pauperise,pauperised,Past Part.,
pauperise,pauperises,3Sg Non-Past,
pauperise,pauperise,Infinitive,
pauperise,pauperising,Pres Part.,
pech,pech,Infinitive,
pedestal,pedestals,3Sg Non-Past,
pedestal,pedestal,Infinitive,
pedestrianise,pedestrianising,Pres Part.,
peece,peecing,Pres Part.,
pejorate,pejorates,3Sg Non-Past,
pejorate,pejorate,Infinitive,
pejorate,pejorating,Pres Part.,
pellet,pellets,3Sg Non-Past,
pellet,pellet,Infinitive,
perambulate,perambulated,Past Part.,
perambulate,perambulates,3Sg Non-Past,
perambulate,perambulate,Infinitive,
perambulate,perambulating,Pres Part.,
percieve,percieved,Past Part.,
percieve,percieves,3Sg Non-Past,
percieve,percieve,Infinitive,
percieve,percieving,Pres Part.,
perdeuterate,perdeuterates,3Sg Non-Past,
perdeuterate,perdeuterate,Infinitive,
perdeuterate,perdeuterating,Pres Part.,
perfection,perfectioned,Past,
perfection,perfectioned,Past Part.,
perfection,perfectioning,Pres Part.,
perfection,perfections,3Sg Non-Past,
perfection,perfection,Infinitive,
perhorresce,perhorresce,Infinitive,
perhorresce,perhorrescing,Pres Part.,
periodize,periodized,Past,
periodize,periodized,Past Part.,
periodize,periodizes,3Sg Non-Past,
periodize,periodize,Infinitive,
periodize,periodizing,Pres Part.,
peripheralize,peripheralize,Infinitive,
peripheralize,peripheralizing,Pres Part.,
perish,perishing,Pres Part.,
perish,perish,Infinitive,
permutate,permutated,Past Part.,
permutate,permutates,3Sg Non-Past,
permutate,permutate,Infinitive,
permutate,permutating,Pres Part.,
permute,permutes,3Sg Non-Past,
permute,permute,Infinitive,
permute,permuting,Pres Part.,
pern,perning,Pres Part.,
pern,perns,3Sg Non-Past,
pern,pern,Infinitive,
peroxide,peroxiding,Pres Part.,
peroxidize,peroxidized,Past,
peroxidize,peroxidized,Past Part.,
peroxidize,peroxidizes,3Sg Non-Past,
peroxidize,peroxidize,Infinitive,
peroxidize,peroxidizing,Pres Part.,
perpend,perpend,Infinitive,
perscopate,perscopating,Pres Part.,
personify,personified,Past Part.,
personify,personifies,3Sg Non-Past,
personify,personifying,Pres Part.,
personify,personify,Infinitive,
person,personing,Pres Part.,
person,persons,3Sg Non-Past,
person,person,Infinitive,
pervaporate,pervaporated,Past Part.,
pervaporate,pervaporates,3Sg Non-Past,
pervaporate,pervaporate,Infinitive,
pervaporate,pervaporating,Pres Part.,
philter,philtering,Pres Part.,
philter,philters,3Sg Non-Past,
philter,philter,Infinitive,
phonate,phonated,Past,
phonate,phonated,Past Part.,
phonate,phonates,3Sg Non-Past,
phonate,phonate,Infinitive,
phonate,phonating,Pres Part.,
phonetise,phonetises,3Sg Non-Past,
phonetise,phonetise,Infinitive,
phonetise,phonetising,Pres Part.,
phonetize,phonetizing,Pres Part.,
phosphorylate,phosphorylate,Infinitive,
phosphorylate,phosphorylating,Pres Part.,
photoactivate,photoactivates,3Sg Non-Past,
photoactivate,photoactivate,Infinitive,
photoactivate,photoactivating,Pres Part.,
photoengrave,photoengraved,Past,
photoengrave,photoengraved,Past Part.,
photoengrave,photoengraves,3Sg Non-Past,
photoengrave,photoengrave,Infinitive,
photoengrave,photoengraving,Pres Part.,
photogravure,photogravuring,Pres Part.,
photolyse,photolysed,Past Part.,
photolyse,photolyses,3Sg Non-Past,
photolyse,photolyse,Infinitive,
photolyse,photolysing,Pres Part.,
photosynthesize,photosynthesized,Past Part.,
photosynthesize,photosynthesizes,3Sg Non-Past,
photosynthesize,photosynthesize,Infinitive,
photosynthesize,photosynthesizing,Pres Part.,
phototypeset,phototypeset,Past,
phototypeset,phototypeset,Past Part.,
phreak,phreaks,3Sg Non-Past,
phreak,phreak,Infinitive,
physiognomize,physiognomize,Infinitive,
physiognomize,physiognomizing,Pres Part.,
pickaxe,pickaxes,3Sg Non-Past,
pickaxe,pickaxe,Infinitive,
pickaxe,pickaxing,Pres Part.,
picnic,picnicked,Past Part.,
picnic,picnicking,Pres Part.,
picnic,picnics,3Sg Non-Past,
picnic,picnic,Infinitive,
pidginize,pidginizes,3Sg Non-Past,
pidginize,pidginize,Infinitive,
pidginize,pidginizing,Pres Part.,
pie,pied,Past Part.,
pie,pieing,Pres Part.,
pie,pies,3Sg Non-Past,
pie,pie,Infinitive,
pigeonhole,pigeonholed,Past,
pigeonhole,pigeonholed,Past Part.,
pigeonhole,pigeonholes,3Sg Non-Past,
pigeonhole,pigeonhole,Infinitive,
pigeonhole,pigeonholing,Pres Part.,
pigment,pigment,Infinitive,
pike,pike,Infinitive,
pike,piking,Pres Part.,
pikey,pikeyed,Past,
pikey,pikeyed,Past Part.,
pikey,pikeying,Pres Part.,
pikey,pikeys,3Sg Non-Past,
pikey,pikey,Infinitive,
piledrive,piledriven,Past Part.,
piledrive,piledrives,3Sg Non-Past,
piledrive,piledrive,Infinitive,
piledrive,piledriving,Pres Part.,
piledrive,piledrove,Past,
pillory,pillories,3Sg Non-Past,
pillory,pillorying,Pres Part.,
pillory,pillory,Infinitive,
pilm,pilms,3Sg Non-Past,
pilm,pilm,Infinitive,
pimp,pimped,Past,
pimp,pimped,Past Part.,
pimp,pimping,Pres Part.,
pimp,pimps,3Sg Non-Past,
pimp,pimp,Infinitive,
pinwheel,pinwheeled,Past,
pinwheel,pinwheeled,Past Part.,
pinwheel,pinwheeling,Pres Part.,
pinwheel,pinwheels,3Sg Non-Past,
pinwheel,pinwheel,Infinitive,
pipeclay,pipeclay,Infinitive,
pish,pish,Infinitive,
pitch,pitches,3Sg Non-Past,
pitch,pitching,Pres Part.,
pitch,pitch,Infinitive,
pitchpole,pitchpoles,3Sg Non-Past,
pitchpole,pitchpole,Infinitive,
pitchpole,pitchpoling,Pres Part.,
placate,placates,3Sg Non-Past,
placate,placate,Infinitive,
placate,placating,Pres Part.,
planarize,planarizes,3Sg Non-Past,
planarize,planarize,Infinitive,
planarize,planarizing,Pres Part.,
plancher,planchered,Past,
plancher,planchered,Past Part.,
plancher,planchering,Pres Part.,
plancher,planchers,3Sg Non-Past,
plancher,plancher,Infinitive,
planch,planched,Past Part.,
planch,planches,3Sg Non-Past,
planch,planching,Pres Part.,
planch,planch,Infinitive,
plan,planned,Past,
plan,planned,Past Part.,
plan,planning,Pres Part.,
plan,plans,3Sg Non-Past,
plan,plan,Infinitive,
plasmolyse,plasmolysing,Pres Part.,
plaster,plastering,Pres Part.,
plaster,plasters,3Sg Non-Past,
plaster,plaster,Infinitive,
plasticate,plasticating,Pres Part.,
platinate,platinate,Infinitive,
platinate,platinating,Pres Part.,
playlist,playlisted,Past Part.,
playlist,playlisting,Pres Part.,
playlist,playlists,3Sg Non-Past,
playlist,playlist,Infinitive,
pleasure,pleasured,Past Part.,
pleasure,pleasures,3Sg Non-Past,
pleasure,pleasure,Infinitive,
pleasure,pleasuring,Pres Part.,
pleat,pleating,Pres Part.,
pleat,pleats,3Sg Non-Past,
pleat,pleat,Infinitive,
plenish,plenished,Past Part.,
plenish,plenishes,3Sg Non-Past,
plenish,plenishing,Pres Part.,
plenish,plenish,Infinitive,
plim,plimed,Past Part.,
plim,pliming,Pres Part.,
plim,plims,3Sg Non-Past,
plim,plim,Infinitive,
plotz,plotzing,Pres Part.,
plotz,plotz,Infinitive,
plounce,plounces,3Sg Non-Past,
plounce,plounce,Infinitive,
plounce,plouncing,Pres Part.,
ploy,ploying,Pres Part.,
ploy,ploys,3Sg Non-Past,
ploy,ploy,Infinitive,
plum,plummed,Past,
plum,plummed,Past Part.,
plum,plumming,Pres Part.,
plum,plums,3Sg Non-Past,
plum,plum,Infinitive,
plump,plumps,3Sg Non-Past,
plump,plump,Infinitive,
pluralise,pluralised,Past,
pluralise,pluralised,Past Part.,
pluralise,pluralises,3Sg Non-Past,
pluralise,pluralise,Infinitive,
pluralise,pluralising,Pres Part.,
poeticise,poeticising,Pres Part.,
poind,poind,Infinitive,
polarise,polarise,Infinitive,
polarise,polarising,Pres Part.,
polemicise,polemicised,Past,
polemicise,polemicised,Past Part.,
polemicise,polemicises,3Sg Non-Past,
polemicise,polemicise,Infinitive,
polemicise,polemicising,Pres Part.,
politicize,politicize,Infinitive,
politicize,politicizing,Pres Part.,
pollenise,pollenise,Infinitive,
pollenise,pollenising,Pres Part.,
pollenize,pollenizing,Pres Part.,
Polonise,Polonise,Infinitive,
Polonise,Polonising,Pres Part.,
polyubiquitinylate,polyubiquitinylate,Infinitive,
polyubiquitinylate,polyubiquitinylating,Pres Part.,
pomade,pomaded,Past,
pomade,pomaded,Past Part.,
pomade,pomades,3Sg Non-Past,
pomade,pomade,Infinitive,
pomade,pomading,Pres Part.,
pony,ponied,Past,
pony,ponied,Past Part.,
pony,ponies,3Sg Non-Past,
pony,ponying,Pres Part.,
pony,pony,Infinitive,
popcorn,popcorned,Past Part.,
popcorn,popcorning,Pres Part.,
popcorn,popcorns,3Sg Non-Past,
popcorn,popcorn,Infinitive,
pore,pore,Infinitive,
pore,poring,Pres Part.,
porpoise,porpoised,Past Part.,
porpoise,porpoises,3Sg Non-Past,
porpoise,porpoise,Infinitive,
porpoise,porpoising,Pres Part.,
porrect,porrect,Infinitive,
portcullis,portcullised,Past,
portcullis,portcullised,Past Part.,
portcullis,portcullises,3Sg Non-Past,
portcullis,portcullising,Pres Part.,
portcullis,portcullis,Infinitive,
port,ported,Past,
port,ported,Past Part.,
port,porting,Pres Part.,
port,ports,3Sg Non-Past,
port,port,Infinitive,
portrait,portraiting,Pres Part.,
portrait,portraits,3Sg Non-Past,
portrait,portrait,Infinitive,
portscan,portscanning,Pres Part.,
portscan,portscans,3Sg Non-Past,
portscan,portscan,Infinitive,
pose,posing,Pres Part.,
position,positioned,Past,
position,positioned,Past Part.,
position,positioning,Pres Part.,
position,positions,3Sg Non-Past,
position,position,Infinitive,
postcode,postcode,Infinitive,
postcode,postcoding,Pres Part.,
postil,postils,3Sg Non-Past,
postil,postil,Infinitive,
posturize,posturize,Infinitive,
posturize,posturizing,Pres Part.,
poundage,poundaged,Past,
poundage,poundaged,Past Part.,
poundage,poundages,3Sg Non-Past,
poundage,poundage,Infinitive,
poundage,poundaging,Pres Part.,
pound,pounding,Pres Part.,
pound,pounds,3Sg Non-Past,
pound,pound,Infinitive,
practise,practised,Past Part.,
practise,practises,3Sg Non-Past,
practise,practise,Infinitive,
practise,practising,Pres Part.,
prance,pranced,Past,
prance,pranced,Past Part.,
prance,prances,3Sg Non-Past,
prance,prance,Infinitive,
prance,prancing,Pres Part.,
prattle,prattles,3Sg Non-Past,
prattle,prattle,Infinitive,
prattle,prattling,Pres Part.,
preachify,preachifies,3Sg Non-Past,
preachify,preachifying,Pres Part.,
preachify,preachify,Infinitive,
preact,preacting,Pres Part.,
preact,preacts,3Sg Non-Past,
preact,preact,Infinitive,
preallocate,preallocated,Past,
preallocate,preallocated,Past Part.,
preallocate,preallocates,3Sg Non-Past,
preallocate,preallocate,Infinitive,
preallocate,preallocating,Pres Part.,
prearrange,prearranged,Past Part.,
prearrange,prearranges,3Sg Non-Past,
prearrange,prearrange,Infinitive,
prearrange,prearranging,Pres Part.,
preassemble,preassembled,Past,
preassemble,preassembled,Past Part.,
preassemble,preassembles,3Sg Non-Past,
preassemble,preassemble,Infinitive,
preassemble,preassembling,Pres Part.,
prebuffer,prebuffered,Past,
prebuffer,prebuffered,Past Part.,
prebuffer,prebuffering,Pres Part.,
prebuffer,prebuffers,3Sg Non-Past,
prebuffer,prebuffer,Infinitive,
precancel,precanceled,Past Part.,
precancel,precanceling,Pres Part.,
precancel,precancelled,Past,
precancel,precancelled,Past Part.,
precancel,precancelling,Pres Part.,
precancel,precancels,3Sg Non-Past,
precancel,precancel,Infinitive,
precaution,precautioned,Past,
precaution,precautioned,Past Part.,
precaution,precautioning,Pres Part.,
precaution,precautions,3Sg Non-Past,
precaution,precaution,Infinitive,
precess,precess,Infinitive,
precipitate,precipitate,Infinitive,
precipitate,precipitating,Pres Part.,
precondemn,precondemned,Past Part.,
precondemn,precondemning,Pres Part.,
precondemn,precondemns,3Sg Non-Past,
precondemn,precondemn,Infinitive,
preconsign,preconsign,Infinitive,
precum,precame,Past,
precum,precummed,Past,
precum,precummed,Past Part.,
precum,precumming,Pres Part.,
precum,precums,3Sg Non-Past,
precum,precum,Infinitive,
precum,precum,Past Part.,
predestine,predestined,Past Part.,
predestine,predestines,3Sg Non-Past,
predestine,predestine,Infinitive,
predestine,predestining,Pres Part.,
predetermine,predetermines,3Sg Non-Past,
predetermine,predetermine,Infinitive,
predetermine,predetermining,Pres Part.,
preexamine,preexamining,Pres Part.,
prefer,preferred,Past,
prefer,preferred,Past Part.,
prefer,preferring,Pres Part.,
prefer,prefers,3Sg Non-Past,
prefer,prefer,Infinitive,
prefigurate,prefigurated,Past Part.,
prefigurate,prefigurates,3Sg Non-Past,
prefigurate,prefigurate,Infinitive,
prefigurate,prefigurating,Pres Part.,
pregravate,pregravated,Past,
pregravate,pregravated,Past Part.,
pregravate,pregravates,3Sg Non-Past,
pregravate,pregravate,Infinitive,
pregravate,pregravating,Pres Part.,
pregrill,pregrilled,Past Part.,
pregrill,pregrilling,Pres Part.,
pregrill,pregrills,3Sg Non-Past,
pregrill,pregrill,Infinitive,
preharden,prehardening,Pres Part.,
preharden,prehardens,3Sg Non-Past,
preharden,preharden,Infinitive,
pre-impregnate,pre-impregnate,Infinitive,
pre-impregnate,pre-impregnating,Pres Part.,
prelatise,prelatising,Pres Part.,
premediate,premediating,Pres Part.,
premit,premitting,Pres Part.,
premit,premit,Infinitive,
premix,premixing,Pres Part.,
premix,premix,Infinitive,
premonish,premonish,Infinitive,
premonstrate,premonstrated,Past Part.,
premonstrate,premonstrates,3Sg Non-Past,
premonstrate,premonstrate,Infinitive,
premonstrate,premonstrating,Pres Part.,
prenote,prenote,Infinitive,
prenote,prenoting,Pres Part.,
preplace,preplace,Infinitive,
preplace,preplacing,Pres Part.,
preponderate,preponderated,Past Part.,
preponderate,preponderates,3Sg Non-Past,
preponderate,preponderate,Infinitive,
preponderate,preponderating,Pres Part.,
prepopulate,prepopulated,Past,
prepopulate,prepopulated,Past Part.,
prepopulate,prepopulates,3Sg Non-Past,
prepopulate,prepopulate,Infinitive,
prepopulate,prepopulating,Pres Part.,
preroute,preroutes,3Sg Non-Past,
preroute,preroute,Infinitive,
preroute,prerouting,Pres Part.,
preschedule,prescheduled,Past,
preschedule,prescheduled,Past Part.,
preschedule,preschedules,3Sg Non-Past,
preschedule,preschedule,Infinitive,
preschedule,prescheduling,Pres Part.,
presell,presold,Past,
presell,presold,Past Part.,
presentiate,presentiate,Infinitive,
presentiate,presentiating,Pres Part.,
presift,presifted,Past,
presift,presifted,Past Part.,
presift,presifting,Pres Part.,
presift,presifts,3Sg Non-Past,
presift,presift,Infinitive,
press-gang,press-ganged,Past Part.,
press-gang,press-ganging,Pres Part.,
press-gang,press-gangs,3Sg Non-Past,
press-gang,press-gang,Infinitive,
pressure,pressuring,Pres Part.,
pressurise,pressurised,Past Part.,
pressurise,pressurises,3Sg Non-Past,
pressurise,pressurise,Infinitive,
pressurise,pressurising,Pres Part.,
prestretch,prestretching,Pres Part.,
prestretch,prestretch,Infinitive,
prevent,prevents,3Sg Non-Past,
prevent,prevent,Infinitive,
prewrite,prewriting,Pres Part.,
prewrite,prewritten,Past Part.,
prewrite,prewrote,Past,
prick,pricks,3Sg Non-Past,
prick,prick,Infinitive,
primary,primary,Infinitive,
proclaim,proclaimed,Past Part.,
proclaim,proclaiming,Pres Part.,
proclaim,proclaims,3Sg Non-Past,
proclaim,proclaim,Infinitive,
procrastine,procrastined,Past Part.,
procrastine,procrastines,3Sg Non-Past,
procrastine,procrastine,Infinitive,
procrastine,procrastining,Pres Part.,
profanate,profanates,3Sg Non-Past,
profanate,profanate,Infinitive,
profanate,profanating,Pres Part.,
profer,proferred,Past,
profer,proferred,Past Part.,
profer,proferring,Pres Part.,
profer,profers,3Sg Non-Past,
profer,profer,Infinitive,
professionalise,professionalises,3Sg Non-Past,
professionalise,professionalise,Infinitive,
professionalise,professionalising,Pres Part.,
professionalize,professionalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
professionalize,professionalize,Infinitive,
professionalize,professionalizing,Pres Part.,
profound,profounded,Past Part.,
profound,profounding,Pres Part.,
profound,profounds,3Sg Non-Past,
profound,profound,Infinitive,
progenate,progenated,Past,
progenate,progenated,Past Part.,
progenate,progenates,3Sg Non-Past,
progenate,progenate,Infinitive,
progenate,progenating,Pres Part.,
program,programmed,Past Part.,
program,programming,Pres Part.,
program,programs,3Sg Non-Past,
program,program,Infinitive,
proletarianise,proletarianised,Past,
proletarianise,proletarianised,Past Part.,
proletarianise,proletarianises,3Sg Non-Past,
proletarianise,proletarianise,Infinitive,
proletarianise,proletarianising,Pres Part.,
proliferate,proliferating,Pres Part.,
prolong,prolonged,Past,
prolong,prolonged,Past Part.,
prolong,prolonging,Pres Part.,
prolong,prolongs,3Sg Non-Past,
prolong,prolong,Infinitive,
promise,promising,Pres Part.,
promove,promoved,Past,
promove,promoved,Past Part.,
promove,promoves,3Sg Non-Past,
promove,promove,Infinitive,
promove,promoving,Pres Part.,
pronounce,pronounces,3Sg Non-Past,
pronounce,pronounce,Infinitive,
pronounce,pronouncing,Pres Part.,
propagandize,propagandizing,Pres Part.,
propend,propended,Past,
propend,propended,Past Part.,
propend,propending,Pres Part.,
propend,propends,3Sg Non-Past,
propend,propend,Infinitive,
prop,propped,Past,
prop,propped,Past Part.,
prop,propping,Pres Part.,
prop,props,3Sg Non-Past,
prop,prop,Infinitive,
propulse,propulsed,Past,
propulse,propulsed,Past Part.,
propulse,propulses,3Sg Non-Past,
propulse,propulse,Infinitive,
propulse,propulsing,Pres Part.,
prorate,prorated,Past Part.,
prorate,prorates,3Sg Non-Past,
prorate,prorate,Infinitive,
prorate,prorating,Pres Part.,
prosecute,prosecute,Infinitive,
prosecute,prosecuting,Pres Part.,
protoxidize,protoxidized,Past,
protoxidize,protoxidized,Past Part.,
protoxidize,protoxidizes,3Sg Non-Past,
protoxidize,protoxidize,Infinitive,
protoxidize,protoxidizing,Pres Part.,
protrude,protruded,Past,
protrude,protruded,Past Part.,
protrude,protrudes,3Sg Non-Past,
protrude,protrude,Infinitive,
protrude,protruding,Pres Part.,
provant,provanting,Pres Part.,
provant,provants,3Sg Non-Past,
provant,provant,Infinitive,
provincialize,provincializing,Pres Part.,
psych,psych,Infinitive,
pub,pubbing,Pres Part.,
pub,pubs,3Sg Non-Past,
pub,pub,Infinitive,
puddle,puddled,Past Part.,
puddle,puddles,3Sg Non-Past,
puddle,puddle,Infinitive,
puddle,puddling,Pres Part.,
puggle,puggles,3Sg Non-Past,
puggle,puggle,Infinitive,
puggle,puggling,Pres Part.,
pulpify,pulpifies,3Sg Non-Past,
pulpify,pulpifying,Pres Part.,
pulpify,pulpify,Infinitive,
purge,purged,Past Part.,
purge,purges,3Sg Non-Past,
purge,purge,Infinitive,
purge,purging,Pres Part.,
pwn,pwned,Past,
pwn,pwned,Past Part.,
pwn,pwning,Pres Part.,
pwn,pwns,3Sg Non-Past,
pwn,pwnt,Past,
pwn,pwnt,Past Part.,
pwn,pwn,Infinitive,
quadrangulate,quadrangulated,Past Part.,
quadrangulate,quadrangulates,3Sg Non-Past,
quadrangulate,quadrangulate,Infinitive,
quadrangulate,quadrangulating,Pres Part.,
quadrisect,quadrisected,Past Part.,
quadrisect,quadrisecting,Pres Part.,
quadrisect,quadrisects,3Sg Non-Past,
quadrisect,quadrisect,Infinitive,
quadruplicate,quadruplicate,Infinitive,
quadruplicate,quadruplicating,Pres Part.,
quail,quails,3Sg Non-Past,
quail,quail,Infinitive,
quake,quakes,3Sg Non-Past,
quake,quake,Infinitive,
quake,quaking,Pres Part.,
quake,quoke,Past,
quake,quoke,Past Part.,
quake,quook,Past,
quake,quook,Past Part.,
qualify,qualified,Past Part.,
qualify,qualifies,3Sg Non-Past,
qualify,qualifying,Pres Part.,
qualify,qualify,Infinitive,
quantise,quantised,Past,
quantise,quantised,Past Part.,
quantise,quantises,3Sg Non-Past,
quantise,quantise,Infinitive,
quantise,quantising,Pres Part.,
quarry,quarried,Past,
quarry,quarried,Past Part.,
quarry,quarries,3Sg Non-Past,
quarry,quarrying,Pres Part.,
quarry,quarry,Infinitive,
quarterback,quarterbacking,Pres Part.,
quarterback,quarterbacks,3Sg Non-Past,
quarterback,quarterback,Infinitive,
quarter,quartered,Past Part.,
quarter,quartering,Pres Part.,
quarter,quarters,3Sg Non-Past,
quarter,quarter,Infinitive,
queen,queen,Infinitive,
quern,querned,Past Part.,
quern,querning,Pres Part.,
quern,querns,3Sg Non-Past,
quern,quern,Infinitive,
quetch,quetched,Past,
quetch,quetched,Past Part.,
quetch,quetches,3Sg Non-Past,
quetch,quetching,Pres Part.,
quetch,quetch,Infinitive,
quethe,quethes,3Sg Non-Past,
quethe,quethe,Infinitive,
quethe,quething,Pres Part.,
quethe,quod,Past,
quethe,quoth,Past,
quiesce,quiesced,Past Part.,
quiesce,quiesces,3Sg Non-Past,
quiesce,quiesce,Infinitive,
quiesce,quiescing,Pres Part.,
quintuple-click,quintuple-clicked,Past Part.,
quintuple-click,quintuple-clicking,Pres Part.,
quintuple-click,quintuple-clicks,3Sg Non-Past,
quintuple-click,quintuple-click,Infinitive,
quitclaim,quitclaim,Infinitive,
race,raced,Past Part.,
race,races,3Sg Non-Past,
race,race,Infinitive,
race,racing,Pres Part.,
radioactivate,radioactivate,Infinitive,
radioactivate,radioactivating,Pres Part.,
radioimmunoassay,radioimmunoassaying,Pres Part.,
radioimmunoassay,radioimmunoassays,3Sg Non-Past,
radioimmunoassay,radioimmunoassay,Infinitive,
radiopacify,radiopacifying,Pres Part.,
radiopacify,radiopacify,Infinitive,
radiotelegraph,radiotelegraphing,Pres Part.,
radiotelegraph,radiotelegraphs,3Sg Non-Past,
radiotelegraph,radiotelegraph,Infinitive,
raffle,raffle,Infinitive,
raffle,raffling,Pres Part.,
rage,rage,Infinitive,
rage,raging,Pres Part.,
raid,raided,Past,
raid,raided,Past Part.,
raid,raiding,Pres Part.,
raid,raids,3Sg Non-Past,
raid,raid,Infinitive,
railroad,railroads,3Sg Non-Past,
railroad,railroad,Infinitive,
rampage,rampage,Infinitive,
rampage,rampaging,Pres Part.,
ram,rammed,Past Part.,
ram,ramming,Pres Part.,
ram,rams,3Sg Non-Past,
ram,ram,Infinitive,
rancidify,rancidifies,3Sg Non-Past,
rancidify,rancidifying,Pres Part.,
rancidify,rancidify,Infinitive,
rant,ranted,Past Part.,
rant,ranting,Pres Part.,
rant,rants,3Sg Non-Past,
rant,rant,Infinitive,
rape,rapes,3Sg Non-Past,
rape,rape,Infinitive,
rape,raping,Pres Part.,
ravel,raveled,Past Part.,
ravel,raveling,Pres Part.,
ravel,ravelled,Past,
ravel,ravelled,Past Part.,
ravel,ravelling,Pres Part.,
ravel,ravels,3Sg Non-Past,
ravel,ravel,Infinitive,
readminister,readministered,Past,
readminister,readministered,Past Part.,
readminister,readministering,Pres Part.,
readminister,readministers,3Sg Non-Past,
readminister,readminister,Infinitive,
reafforest,reafforest,Infinitive,
realize,realized,Past,
realize,realized,Past Part.,
realize,realizes,3Sg Non-Past,
realize,realize,Infinitive,
realize,realizing,Pres Part.,
reallege,realleging,Pres Part.,
re-ally,re-allying,Pres Part.,
re-ally,re-ally,Infinitive,
ream,reams,3Sg Non-Past,
ream,ream,Infinitive,
reanneal,reannealed,Past,
reanneal,reannealed,Past Part.,
reanneal,reannealing,Pres Part.,
reanneal,reanneals,3Sg Non-Past,
reanneal,reanneal,Infinitive,
reannotate,reannotated,Past,
reannotate,reannotated,Past Part.,
reannotate,reannotates,3Sg Non-Past,
reannotate,reannotate,Infinitive,
reannotate,reannotating,Pres Part.,
reannounce,reannounces,3Sg Non-Past,
reannounce,reannounce,Infinitive,
reannounce,reannouncing,Pres Part.,
reapprove,reapproving,Pres Part.,
rearchitect,rearchitected,Past Part.,
rearchitect,rearchitecting,Pres Part.,
rearchitect,rearchitects,3Sg Non-Past,
rearchitect,rearchitect,Infinitive,
reargue,reargued,Past Part.,
reargue,reargues,3Sg Non-Past,
reargue,reargue,Infinitive,
reargue,rearguing,Pres Part.,
reassemble,reassembles,3Sg Non-Past,
reassemble,reassemble,Infinitive,
reassemble,reassembling,Pres Part.,
reassume,reassumes,3Sg Non-Past,
reassume,reassume,Infinitive,
reassume,reassuming,Pres Part.,
reassure,reassure,Infinitive,
reassure,reassuring,Pres Part.,
reattain,reattain,Infinitive,
reattend,reattended,Past Part.,
reattend,reattending,Pres Part.,
reattend,reattends,3Sg Non-Past,
reattend,reattend,Infinitive,
reattune,reattunes,3Sg Non-Past,
reattune,reattune,Infinitive,
reattune,reattuning,Pres Part.,
reaudit,reauditing,Pres Part.,
reaudit,reaudits,3Sg Non-Past,
reaudit,reaudit,Infinitive,
rebake,rebake,Infinitive,
rebake,rebaking,Pres Part.,
rebaptize,rebaptize,Infinitive,
rebaptize,rebaptizing,Pres Part.,
rebaseline,rebaselined,Past,
rebaseline,rebaselined,Past Part.,
rebaseline,rebaselines,3Sg Non-Past,
rebaseline,rebaseline,Infinitive,
rebaseline,rebaselining,Pres Part.,
reblazon,reblazoned,Past,
reblazon,reblazoned,Past Part.,
reblazon,reblazoning,Pres Part.,
reblazon,reblazons,3Sg Non-Past,
reblazon,reblazon,Infinitive,
rebleed,rebleeds,3Sg Non-Past,
rebleed,rebleed,Infinitive,
reblog,reblogs,3Sg Non-Past,
reblog,reblog,Infinitive,
reblossom,reblossom,Infinitive,
rebound,rebounded,Past,
rebound,rebounded,Past Part.,
rebound,rebounding,Pres Part.,
rebound,rebounds,3Sg Non-Past,
rebound,rebound,Infinitive,
rebox,rebox,Infinitive,
rebroadcast,rebroadcasted,Past,
rebroadcast,rebroadcasted,Past Part.,
rebroadcast,rebroadcasting,Pres Part.,
rebroadcast,rebroadcasts,3Sg Non-Past,
rebroadcast,rebroadcast,Infinitive,
rebroadcast,rebroadcast,Past,
rebroadcast,rebroadcast,Past Part.,
rebuffer,rebuffered,Past,
rebuffer,rebuffered,Past Part.,
rebuffer,rebuffering,Pres Part.,
rebuffer,rebuffers,3Sg Non-Past,
rebuffer,rebuffer,Infinitive,
rebuff,rebuffed,Past,
rebuff,rebuffed,Past Part.,
rebuff,rebuffing,Pres Part.,
rebuff,rebuffs,3Sg Non-Past,
rebuff,rebuff,Infinitive,
rebulb,rebulb,Infinitive,
recalc,recalced,Past Part.,
recalc,recalcing,Pres Part.,
recalc,recalcs,3Sg Non-Past,
recalc,recalc,Infinitive,
recall,recalled,Past,
recall,recalled,Past Part.,
recall,recalling,Pres Part.,
recall,recalls,3Sg Non-Past,
recall,recall,Infinitive,
recanvas,recanvased,Past Part.,
recanvas,recanvases,3Sg Non-Past,
recanvas,recanvasing,Pres Part.,
recanvas,recanvas,Infinitive,
recapacitate,recapacitates,3Sg Non-Past,
recapacitate,recapacitate,Infinitive,
recapacitate,recapacitating,Pres Part.,
recarry,recarrying,Pres Part.,
recarry,recarry,Infinitive,
recaulk,recaulked,Past Part.,
recaulk,recaulking,Pres Part.,
recaulk,recaulks,3Sg Non-Past,
recaulk,recaulk,Infinitive,
receipt,receipted,Past,
receipt,receipted,Past Part.,
receipt,receipting,Pres Part.,
receipt,receipts,3Sg Non-Past,
receipt,receipt,Infinitive,
rechallenge,rechallenges,3Sg Non-Past,
rechallenge,rechallenge,Infinitive,
rechallenge,rechallenging,Pres Part.,
recharter,recharter,Infinitive,
rechase,rechases,3Sg Non-Past,
rechase,rechase,Infinitive,
rechase,rechasing,Pres Part.,
reclass,reclass,Infinitive,
re-cognise,re-cognised,Past Part.,
re-cognise,re-cognises,3Sg Non-Past,
re-cognise,re-cognise,Infinitive,
re-cognise,re-cognising,Pres Part.,
recohere,recohered,Past,
recohere,recohered,Past Part.,
recohere,recoheres,3Sg Non-Past,
recohere,recohere,Infinitive,
recohere,recohering,Pres Part.,
recombobulate,recombobulated,Past,
recombobulate,recombobulated,Past Part.,
recombobulate,recombobulates,3Sg Non-Past,
recombobulate,recombobulate,Infinitive,
recombobulate,recombobulating,Pres Part.,
recomplicate,recomplicates,3Sg Non-Past,
recomplicate,recomplicate,Infinitive,
recomplicate,recomplicating,Pres Part.,
recondition,reconditions,3Sg Non-Past,
recondition,recondition,Infinitive,
recongregate,recongregating,Pres Part.,
reconstruct,reconstructed,Past,
reconstruct,reconstructed,Past Part.,
reconstruct,reconstructing,Pres Part.,
reconstruct,reconstructs,3Sg Non-Past,
reconstruct,reconstruct,Infinitive,
recool,recooled,Past Part.,
recool,recooling,Pres Part.,
recool,recools,3Sg Non-Past,
recool,recool,Infinitive,
record,record,Infinitive,
recorrect,recorrects,3Sg Non-Past,
recorrect,recorrect,Infinitive,
recouch,recouched,Past,
recouch,recouched,Past Part.,
recouch,recouches,3Sg Non-Past,
recouch,recouching,Pres Part.,
recouch,recouch,Infinitive,
recoyle,recoyled,Past Part.,
recoyle,recoyles,3Sg Non-Past,
recoyle,recoyle,Infinitive,
recoyle,recoyling,Pres Part.,
rec,rec'ing,Pres Part.,
rec,recs,3Sg Non-Past,
rec,rec,Infinitive,
recruit,recruited,Past Part.,
recruit,recruiting,Pres Part.,
recruit,recruits,3Sg Non-Past,
recruit,recruit,Infinitive,
recrystallize,recrystallizes,3Sg Non-Past,
recrystallize,recrystallize,Infinitive,
recrystallize,recrystallizing,Pres Part.,
rectify,rectifies,3Sg Non-Past,
rectify,rectifying,Pres Part.,
rectify,rectify,Infinitive,
recultivate,recultivates,3Sg Non-Past,
recultivate,recultivate,Infinitive,
recultivate,recultivating,Pres Part.,
recurse,recurses,3Sg Non-Past,
recurse,recurse,Infinitive,
recurse,recursing,Pres Part.,
recuse,recuses,3Sg Non-Past,
recuse,recuse,Infinitive,
recuse,recusing,Pres Part.,
redeal,redeal,Infinitive,
redecide,redecides,3Sg Non-Past,
redecide,redecide,Infinitive,
redecide,redeciding,Pres Part.,
rededicate,rededicated,Past,
rededicate,rededicated,Past Part.,
rededicate,rededicates,3Sg Non-Past,
rededicate,rededicate,Infinitive,
rededicate,rededicating,Pres Part.,
redeliberate,redeliberate,Infinitive,
redeliberate,redeliberating,Pres Part.,
redeliver,redeliver,Infinitive,
redescribe,redescribes,3Sg Non-Past,
redescribe,redescribe,Infinitive,
redescribe,redescribing,Pres Part.,
redetect,redetecting,Pres Part.,
redetect,redetects,3Sg Non-Past,
redetect,redetect,Infinitive,
redistill,redistill,Infinitive,
redistribute,redistributed,Past,
redistribute,redistributed,Past Part.,
redistribute,redistributes,3Sg Non-Past,
redistribute,redistribute,Infinitive,
redistribute,redistributing,Pres Part.,
redivide,redivide,Infinitive,
redivide,redividing,Pres Part.,
redo,redoes,3Sg Non-Past,
redo,redoing,Pres Part.,
redo,redone,Past Part.,
redo,redo,Infinitive,
redound,redound,Infinitive,
reduplicate,reduplicated,Past,
reduplicate,reduplicated,Past Part.,
reduplicate,reduplicates,3Sg Non-Past,
reduplicate,reduplicate,Infinitive,
reduplicate,reduplicating,Pres Part.,
reel,reeling,Pres Part.,
reel,reels,3Sg Non-Past,
reel,reel,Infinitive,
reem,reeming,Pres Part.,
reem,reems,3Sg Non-Past,
reem,reem,Infinitive,
reencounter,reencounters,3Sg Non-Past,
reencounter,reencounter,Infinitive,
re-enforce,re-enforcing,Pres Part.,
reestablish,reestablished,Past Part.,
reestablish,reestablishes,3Sg Non-Past,
reestablish,reestablishing,Pres Part.,
reestablish,reestablish,Infinitive,
reexpel,reexpel,Infinitive,
reface,reface,Infinitive,
reface,refacing,Pres Part.,
refect,refects,3Sg Non-Past,
refect,refect,Infinitive,
refeed,refed,Past Part.,
refeed,refeeding,Pres Part.,
refeed,refeeds,3Sg Non-Past,
refeed,refeed,Infinitive,
refelt,refelting,Pres Part.,
refelt,refelts,3Sg Non-Past,
refelt,refelt,Infinitive,
refigure,refigured,Past Part.,
refigure,refigures,3Sg Non-Past,
refigure,refigure,Infinitive,
refigure,refiguring,Pres Part.,
refill,refill,Infinitive,
refinance,refinancing,Pres Part.,
refit,refitted,Past,
refit,refitted,Past Part.,
refit,refitting,Pres Part.,
refit,refit,Infinitive,
reflash,reflashing,Pres Part.,
reflash,reflash,Infinitive,
refly,reflown,Past Part.,
refly,reflying,Pres Part.,
refly,refly,Infinitive,
refocillate,refocillated,Past,
refocillate,refocillated,Past Part.,
refocillate,refocillates,3Sg Non-Past,
refocillate,refocillate,Infinitive,
refocillate,refocillating,Pres Part.,
reformalize,reformalized,Past Part.,
reformalize,reformalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
reformalize,reformalize,Infinitive,
reformalize,reformalizing,Pres Part.,
refortify,refortified,Past Part.,
refortify,refortifies,3Sg Non-Past,
refortify,refortifying,Pres Part.,
refortify,refortify,Infinitive,
ref,reffing,Pres Part.,
ref,refs,3Sg Non-Past,
ref,ref,Infinitive,
refuck,refucked,Past,
refuck,refucked,Past Part.,
refuck,refucking,Pres Part.,
refuck,refucks,3Sg Non-Past,
refuck,refuck,Infinitive,
refunnel,refunneling,Pres Part.,
refunnel,refunnelled,Past,
refunnel,refunnelled,Past Part.,
refunnel,refunnelling,Pres Part.,
refunnel,refunnels,3Sg Non-Past,
refunnel,refunnel,Infinitive,
re-fuse,re-fuse,Infinitive,
re-fuse,re-fusing,Pres Part.,
regard,regarded,Past,
regard,regarded,Past Part.,
regard,regarding,Pres Part.,
regard,regards,3Sg Non-Past,
regard,regard,Infinitive,
regentrify,regentrifies,3Sg Non-Past,
regentrify,regentrifying,Pres Part.,
regentrify,regentrify,Infinitive,
reget,regot,Past Part.,
regionalise,regionalise,Infinitive,
regionalise,regionalising,Pres Part.,
registre,registred,Past Part.,
registre,registres,3Sg Non-Past,
registre,registre,Infinitive,
registre,registring,Pres Part.,
regive,regiven,Past Part.,
regive,regives,3Sg Non-Past,
regive,regive,Infinitive,
regive,regiving,Pres Part.,
regrede,regreded,Past Part.,
regrede,regredes,3Sg Non-Past,
regrede,regrede,Infinitive,
regrede,regreding,Pres Part.,
regreet,regreet,Infinitive,
regret,regretted,Past Part.,
regret,regretting,Pres Part.,
regret,regret,Infinitive,
regulate,regulated,Past Part.,
regulate,regulates,3Sg Non-Past,
regulate,regulate,Infinitive,
regulate,regulating,Pres Part.,
regurgitate,regurgitate,Infinitive,
regurgitate,regurgitating,Pres Part.,
rehash,rehash,Infinitive,
rehome,rehomed,Past Part.,
rehome,rehomes,3Sg Non-Past,
rehome,rehome,Infinitive,
rehome,rehoming,Pres Part.,
rehypothecate,rehypothecate,Infinitive,
rehypothecate,rehypothecating,Pres Part.,
reigle,reigle,Infinitive,
reigle,reigling,Pres Part.,
reimage,reimaged,Past,
reimage,reimaged,Past Part.,
reimage,reimages,3Sg Non-Past,
reimage,reimage,Infinitive,
reimage,reimaging,Pres Part.,
reimbark,reimbarked,Past,
reimbark,reimbarked,Past Part.,
reimbark,reimbarking,Pres Part.,
reimbark,reimbarks,3Sg Non-Past,
reimbark,reimbark,Infinitive,
reimbue,reimbuing,Pres Part.,
reimport,reimported,Past,
reimport,reimported,Past Part.,
reimport,reimporting,Pres Part.,
reimport,reimports,3Sg Non-Past,
reimport,reimport,Infinitive,
reincarcerate,reincarcerates,3Sg Non-Past,
reincarcerate,reincarcerate,Infinitive,
reincarcerate,reincarcerating,Pres Part.,
reincorporate,reincorporate,Infinitive,
reincorporate,reincorporating,Pres Part.,
rein,reining,Pres Part.,
rein,reins,3Sg Non-Past,
rein,rein,Infinitive,
reinstil,reinstiled,Past Part.,
reinstil,reinstiling,Pres Part.,
reinstil,reinstils,3Sg Non-Past,
reinstil,reinstil,Infinitive,
reinstitute,reinstituted,Past,
reinstitute,reinstituted,Past Part.,
reinstitute,reinstitutes,3Sg Non-Past,
reinstitute,reinstitute,Infinitive,
reinstitute,reinstituting,Pres Part.,
reinterest,reinteresting,Pres Part.,
reinterest,reinterests,3Sg Non-Past,
reinterest,reinterest,Infinitive,
re-introduce,re-introduces,3Sg Non-Past,
re-introduce,re-introduce,Infinitive,
re-introduce,re-introducing,Pres Part.,
reinvent,reinvents,3Sg Non-Past,
reinvent,reinvent,Infinitive,
reinvest,reinvests,3Sg Non-Past,
reinvest,reinvest,Infinitive,
reinvite,reinvited,Past Part.,
reinvite,reinvites,3Sg Non-Past,
reinvite,reinvite,Infinitive,
reinvite,reinviting,Pres Part.,
reinvoice,reinvoicing,Pres Part.,
reinvolve,reinvolved,Past,
reinvolve,reinvolved,Past Part.,
reinvolve,reinvolves,3Sg Non-Past,
reinvolve,reinvolve,Infinitive,
reinvolve,reinvolving,Pres Part.,
rejig,rejigged,Past Part.,
rejig,rejigging,Pres Part.,
rejig,rejigs,3Sg Non-Past,
rejig,rejig,Infinitive,
relace,relacing,Pres Part.,
relatch,relatching,Pres Part.,
relatch,relatch,Infinitive,
relativise,relativise,Infinitive,
relativise,relativising,Pres Part.,
relay,relaid,Past Part.,
relay,relayed,Past,
relay,relayed,Past Part.,
relay,relaying,Pres Part.,
relay,relays,3Sg Non-Past,
relay,relay,Infinitive,
relearn,relearn,Infinitive,
release,releasing,Pres Part.,
relevate,relevated,Past,
relevate,relevated,Past Part.,
relevate,relevates,3Sg Non-Past,
relevate,relevate,Infinitive,
relevate,relevating,Pres Part.,
relight,relighted,Past,
relight,relighted,Past Part.,
relight,relighting,Pres Part.,
relight,relights,3Sg Non-Past,
relight,relight,Infinitive,
relinquish,relinquish,Infinitive,
reliquify,reliquified,Past,
reliquify,reliquified,Past Part.,
reliquify,reliquifies,3Sg Non-Past,
reliquify,reliquifying,Pres Part.,
reliquify,reliquify,Infinitive,
relive,reliving,Pres Part.,
relook,relooks,3Sg Non-Past,
relook,relook,Infinitive,
remain,remaining,Pres Part.,
remain,remains,3Sg Non-Past,
remain,remain,Infinitive,
remassage,remassaging,Pres Part.,
remast,remasted,Past Part.,
remast,remasting,Pres Part.,
remast,remasts,3Sg Non-Past,
remast,remast,Infinitive,
remediate,remediating,Pres Part.,
remigrate,remigrating,Pres Part.,
remint,reminted,Past,
remint,reminted,Past Part.,
remint,reminting,Pres Part.,
remint,remints,3Sg Non-Past,
remint,remint,Infinitive,
remise,remised,Past Part.,
remise,remises,3Sg Non-Past,
remise,remise,Infinitive,
remise,remising,Pres Part.,
remobilize,remobilize,Infinitive,
remobilize,remobilizing,Pres Part.,
remonetise,remonetises,3Sg Non-Past,
remonetise,remonetise,Infinitive,
remonetise,remonetising,Pres Part.,
remop,remopping,Pres Part.,
remop,remops,3Sg Non-Past,
remop,remop,Infinitive,
remorate,remorates,3Sg Non-Past,
remorate,remorate,Infinitive,
remorate,remorating,Pres Part.,
remord,remording,Pres Part.,
remord,remords,3Sg Non-Past,
remord,remord,Infinitive,
remort,remorting,Pres Part.,
remort,remorts,3Sg Non-Past,
remort,remort,Infinitive,
remound,remound,Infinitive,
renvoy,renvoying,Pres Part.,
renvoy,renvoys,3Sg Non-Past,
renvoy,renvoy,Infinitive,
reorchestrate,reorchestrate,Infinitive,
reorchestrate,reorchestrating,Pres Part.,
reorganise,reorganising,Pres Part.,
reoxygenate,reoxygenates,3Sg Non-Past,
reoxygenate,reoxygenate,Infinitive,
reoxygenate,reoxygenating,Pres Part.,
repaper,repapering,Pres Part.,
repaper,repapers,3Sg Non-Past,
repaper,repaper,Infinitive,
repeal,repealed,Past Part.,
repeal,repealing,Pres Part.,
repeal,repeals,3Sg Non-Past,
repeal,repeal,Infinitive,
repeat,repeated,Past Part.,
repeat,repeating,Pres Part.,
repeat,repeats,3Sg Non-Past,
repeat,repeat,Infinitive,
repine,repined,Past Part.,
repine,repines,3Sg Non-Past,
repine,repine,Infinitive,
repine,repining,Pres Part.,
replace,replacing,Pres Part.,
replevin,replevining,Pres Part.,
replevin,replevins,3Sg Non-Past,
replevin,replevin,Infinitive,
replevy,replevied,Past Part.,
replevy,replevies,3Sg Non-Past,
replevy,replevying,Pres Part.,
replevy,replevy,Infinitive,
replumb,replumbed,Past,
replumb,replumbed,Past Part.,
replumb,replumbing,Pres Part.,
replumb,replumbs,3Sg Non-Past,
replumb,replumb,Infinitive,
reply,replied,Past Part.,
reply,replies,3Sg Non-Past,
reply,replying,Pres Part.,
reply,reply,Infinitive,
repolarise,repolarised,Past,
repolarise,repolarised,Past Part.,
repolarise,repolarises,3Sg Non-Past,
repolarise,repolarise,Infinitive,
repolarise,repolarising,Pres Part.,
repopulate,repopulated,Past Part.,
repopulate,repopulates,3Sg Non-Past,
repopulate,repopulate,Infinitive,
repopulate,repopulating,Pres Part.,
reposit,reposit,Infinitive,
repossess,repossessing,Pres Part.,
repossess,repossess,Infinitive,
reprieve,reprieve,Infinitive,
reprieve,reprieving,Pres Part.,
reprioritise,reprioritised,Past Part.,
reprioritise,reprioritises,3Sg Non-Past,
reprioritise,reprioritise,Infinitive,
reprioritise,reprioritising,Pres Part.,
repristinate,repristinates,3Sg Non-Past,
repristinate,repristinate,Infinitive,
repristinate,repristinating,Pres Part.,
reproduce,reproduces,3Sg Non-Past,
reproduce,reproduce,Infinitive,
reproduce,reproducing,Pres Part.,
reprovision,reprovisions,3Sg Non-Past,
reprovision,reprovision,Infinitive,
republicate,republicates,3Sg Non-Past,
republicate,republicate,Infinitive,
republicate,republicating,Pres Part.,
repullulate,repullulated,Past Part.,
repullulate,repullulates,3Sg Non-Past,
repullulate,repullulate,Infinitive,
repullulate,repullulating,Pres Part.,
repute,reputes,3Sg Non-Past,
repute,repute,Infinitive,
repute,reputing,Pres Part.,
repyne,repyned,Past,
repyne,repyned,Past Part.,
repyne,repynes,3Sg Non-Past,
repyne,repyne,Infinitive,
repyne,repyning,Pres Part.,
requere,requere,Infinitive,
requere,requering,Pres Part.,
requite,requites,3Sg Non-Past,
requite,requite,Infinitive,
requite,requiting,Pres Part.,
requit,requiting,Pres Part.,
requit,requits,3Sg Non-Past,
requit,requit,Infinitive,
rerefer,rerefer,Infinitive,
rereview,rereview,Infinitive,
rerig,rerigging,Pres Part.,
rerig,rerigs,3Sg Non-Past,
rerig,rerig,Infinitive,
reroast,reroasts,3Sg Non-Past,
reroast,reroast,Infinitive,
re-run,re-run,Infinitive,
re-run,re-run,Past Part.,
resalute,resaluting,Pres Part.,
reschedule,rescheduled,Past,
reschedule,rescheduled,Past Part.,
reschedule,reschedules,3Sg Non-Past,
reschedule,reschedule,Infinitive,
reschedule,rescheduling,Pres Part.,
rescind,rescinding,Pres Part.,
rescind,rescinds,3Sg Non-Past,
rescind,rescind,Infinitive,
resegregrate,resegregated,Past,
resegregrate,resegregated,Past Part.,
resegregrate,resegregating,Pres Part.,
resegregrate,resegregrates,3Sg Non-Past,
resegregrate,resegregrate,Infinitive,
resheathe,resheathed,Past Part.,
resheathe,resheathes,3Sg Non-Past,
resheathe,resheathe,Infinitive,
resheathe,resheathing,Pres Part.,
reshift,reshift,Infinitive,
reship,reships,3Sg Non-Past,
reship,reship,Infinitive,
resight,resighted,Past,
resight,resighted,Past Part.,
resight,resighting,Pres Part.,
resight,resights,3Sg Non-Past,
resight,resight,Infinitive,
resignal,resignaled,Past,
resignal,resignaled,Past Part.,
resignal,resignaling,Pres Part.,
resignal,resignalled,Past,
resignal,resignalled,Past Part.,
resignal,resignalling,Pres Part.,
resignal,resignals,3Sg Non-Past,
resignal,resignal,Infinitive,
resilence,resilences,3Sg Non-Past,
resilence,resilence,Infinitive,
resilence,resilencing,Pres Part.,
resile,resile,Infinitive,
resile,resiling,Pres Part.,
resole,resoled,Past Part.,
resole,resoles,3Sg Non-Past,
resole,resole,Infinitive,
resole,resoling,Pres Part.,
respawn,respawning,Pres Part.,
respawn,respawns,3Sg Non-Past,
respawn,respawn,Infinitive,
respire,respired,Past Part.,
respire,respires,3Sg Non-Past,
respire,respire,Infinitive,
respire,respiring,Pres Part.,
responsibilize,responsibilizes,3Sg Non-Past,
responsibilize,responsibilize,Infinitive,
responsibilize,responsibilizing,Pres Part.,
restain,restaining,Pres Part.,
restain,restains,3Sg Non-Past,
restain,restain,Infinitive,
restate,restated,Past Part.,
restate,restates,3Sg Non-Past,
restate,restate,Infinitive,
restate,restating,Pres Part.,
resterilize,resterilized,Past Part.,
resterilize,resterilizes,3Sg Non-Past,
resterilize,resterilize,Infinitive,
resterilize,resterilizing,Pres Part.,
restimulate,restimulated,Past,
restimulate,restimulated,Past Part.,
restimulate,restimulates,3Sg Non-Past,
restimulate,restimulate,Infinitive,
restimulate,restimulating,Pres Part.,
restitch,restitch,Infinitive,
restudy,restudying,Pres Part.,
restudy,restudy,Infinitive,
resub,resubs,3Sg Non-Past,
resub,resub,Infinitive,
resupply,resupply,Infinitive,
resurface,resurfaced,Past Part.,
resurface,resurfaces,3Sg Non-Past,
resurface,resurface,Infinitive,
resurface,resurfacing,Pres Part.,
resurge,resurge,Infinitive,
resurge,resurging,Pres Part.,
resuspend,resuspended,Past,
resuspend,resuspended,Past Part.,
resuspend,resuspending,Pres Part.,
resuspend,resuspends,3Sg Non-Past,
resuspend,resuspend,Infinitive,
resyndicate,resyndicate,Infinitive,
resyndicate,resyndicating,Pres Part.,
retally,retallies,3Sg Non-Past,
retally,retallying,Pres Part.,
retally,retally,Infinitive,
reteam,reteam,Infinitive,
reticket,reticketed,Past,
reticket,reticketed,Past Part.,
reticket,reticketing,Pres Part.,
reticket,retickets,3Sg Non-Past,
reticket,reticket,Infinitive,
retime,retiming,Pres Part.,
retire,retire,Infinitive,
retire,retiring,Pres Part.,
retract,retracting,Pres Part.,
retract,retracts,3Sg Non-Past,
retract,retract,Infinitive,
retranslate,retranslating,Pres Part.,
retraumatize,retraumatize,Infinitive,
retraumatize,retraumatizing,Pres Part.,
retrench,retrenched,Past,
retrench,retrenched,Past Part.,
retrench,retrenches,3Sg Non-Past,
retrench,retrenching,Pres Part.,
retrench,retrench,Infinitive,
retrograde,retrogrades,3Sg Non-Past,
retrograde,retrograde,Infinitive,
retrograde,retrograding,Pres Part.,
retrotranspose,retrotransposing,Pres Part.,
return,returned,Past,
return,returned,Past Part.,
return,returning,Pres Part.,
return,returns,3Sg Non-Past,
return,return,Infinitive,
reunite,reuniting,Pres Part.,
reutilize,reutilized,Past,
reutilize,reutilized,Past Part.,
reutilize,reutilizes,3Sg Non-Past,
reutilize,reutilize,Infinitive,
reutilize,reutilizing,Pres Part.,
revarnish,revarnished,Past Part.,
revarnish,revarnishes,3Sg Non-Past,
revarnish,revarnishing,Pres Part.,
revarnish,revarnish,Infinitive,
reverb,reverbing,Pres Part.,
reverb,reverbs,3Sg Non-Past,
reverb,reverb,Infinitive,
reverse,reverses,3Sg Non-Past,
reverse,reverse,Infinitive,
reverse,reversing,Pres Part.,
revibrate,revibrating,Pres Part.,
revisualise,revisualising,Pres Part.,
revive,revived,Past,
revive,revived,Past Part.,
revive,revives,3Sg Non-Past,
revive,revive,Infinitive,
revive,reviving,Pres Part.,
revoke,revoked,Past Part.,
revoke,revokes,3Sg Non-Past,
revoke,revoke,Infinitive,
revoke,revoking,Pres Part.,
rewaken,rewakened,Past,
rewaken,rewakened,Past Part.,
rewaken,rewakening,Pres Part.,
rewaken,rewakens,3Sg Non-Past,
rewaken,rewaken,Infinitive,
rewarehouse,rewarehoused,Past Part.,
rewarehouse,rewarehouses,3Sg Non-Past,
rewarehouse,rewarehouse,Infinitive,
rewarehouse,rewarehousing,Pres Part.,
rewax,rewaxed,Past Part.,
rewax,rewaxes,3Sg Non-Past,
rewax,rewaxing,Pres Part.,
rewax,rewax,Infinitive,
rewild,rewilded,Past,
rewild,rewilded,Past Part.,
rewild,rewilding,Pres Part.,
rewild,rewilds,3Sg Non-Past,
rewild,rewild,Infinitive,
rezip,rezipping,Pres Part.,
rezip,rezips,3Sg Non-Past,
rezip,rezip,Infinitive,
rhapsodise,rhapsodise,Infinitive,
rhapsodise,rhapsodising,Pres Part.,
rhapsodize,rhapsodizes,3Sg Non-Past,
rhapsodize,rhapsodize,Infinitive,
rhapsodize,rhapsodizing,Pres Part.,
rhotacize,rhotacize,Infinitive,
rhotacize,rhotacizing,Pres Part.,
ribroast,ribroasted,Past Part.,
ribroast,ribroasting,Pres Part.,
ribroast,ribroasts,3Sg Non-Past,
ribroast,ribroast,Infinitive,
rifle,rifles,3Sg Non-Past,
rifle,rifle,Infinitive,
rifle,rifling,Pres Part.,
rigidize,rigidized,Past Part.,
rigidize,rigidizes,3Sg Non-Past,
rigidize,rigidize,Infinitive,
rigidize,rigidizing,Pres Part.,
rimple,rimple,Infinitive,
rimple,rimpling,Pres Part.,
ringfence,ringfenced,Past,
ringfence,ringfenced,Past Part.,
ringfence,ringfences,3Sg Non-Past,
ringfence,ringfence,Infinitive,
ringfence,ringfencing,Pres Part.,
rinse,rinses,3Sg Non-Past,
rinse,rinse,Infinitive,
rinse,rinsing,Pres Part.,
rip,ripped,Past,
rip,ripped,Past Part.,
rip,ripping,Pres Part.,
rip,rips,3Sg Non-Past,
rip,rip,Infinitive,
ritualize,ritualize,Infinitive,
ritualize,ritualizing,Pres Part.,
rizzar,rizzar,Infinitive,
rob,robbed,Past,
rob,robbed,Past Part.,
rob,robbing,Pres Part.,
rob,robs,3Sg Non-Past,
rob,rob,Infinitive,
rock-bottom,rock-bottom,Infinitive,
roffle,roffled,Past,
roffle,roffled,Past Part.,
roffle,roffles,3Sg Non-Past,
roffle,roffle,Infinitive,
roffle,roffling,Pres Part.,
roister,roistered,Past,
roister,roistered,Past Part.,
roister,roistering,Pres Part.,
roister,roisters,3Sg Non-Past,
roister,roister,Infinitive,
rope's-end,rope's-ends,3Sg Non-Past,
rope's-end,rope's-end,Infinitive,
rose,rosed,Past,
rose,rosed,Past Part.,
rose,roses,3Sg Non-Past,
rose,rose,Infinitive,
rose,rosing,Pres Part.,
ross,rossed,Past Part.,
ross,rosses,3Sg Non-Past,
ross,rossing,Pres Part.,
ross,ross,Infinitive,
rove,roves,3Sg Non-Past,
rove,rove,Infinitive,
rove,roving,Pres Part.,
rubber,rubbers,3Sg Non-Past,
rubber,rubber,Infinitive,
ruby,rubied,Past Part.,
ruby,rubies,3Sg Non-Past,
ruby,rubying,Pres Part.,
ruby,ruby,Infinitive,
ruden,rudened,Past,
ruden,rudened,Past Part.,
ruden,rudening,Pres Part.,
ruden,rudens,3Sg Non-Past,
ruden,ruden,Infinitive,
rumple,rumpled,Past Part.,
rumple,rumples,3Sg Non-Past,
rumple,rumple,Infinitive,
rumple,rumpling,Pres Part.,
runnel,runnelling,Pres Part.,
runnel,runnels,3Sg Non-Past,
runnel,runnel,Infinitive,
sacrifice,sacrifice,Infinitive,
sacrifice,sacrificing,Pres Part.,
sac,sacking,Pres Part.,
sac,sacs,3Sg Non-Past,
sac,sac,Infinitive,
saddle,saddling,Pres Part.,
sade,saded,Past,
sade,saded,Past Part.,
sade,sades,3Sg Non-Past,
sade,sade,Infinitive,
sade,sading,Pres Part.,
saffronize,saffronizes,3Sg Non-Past,
saffronize,saffronize,Infinitive,
saffronize,saffronizing,Pres Part.,
sanctificate,sanctificate,Infinitive,
sanctificate,sanctificating,Pres Part.,
sanforize,sanforize,Infinitive,
sanforize,sanforizing,Pres Part.,
sanitate,sanitated,Past Part.,
sanitate,sanitates,3Sg Non-Past,
sanitate,sanitate,Infinitive,
sanitate,sanitating,Pres Part.,
santer,santered,Past Part.,
santer,santering,Pres Part.,
santer,santers,3Sg Non-Past,
santer,santer,Infinitive,
sapientize,sapientize,Infinitive,
sapientize,sapientizing,Pres Part.,
sark,sarked,Past Part.,
sark,sarking,Pres Part.,
sark,sarks,3Sg Non-Past,
sark,sark,Infinitive,
saturate,saturate,Infinitive,
saturate,saturating,Pres Part.,
sauder,sauder,Infinitive,
sauter,sauter,Infinitive,
sawder,sawdered,Past Part.,
sawder,sawdering,Pres Part.,
sawder,sawders,3Sg Non-Past,
sawder,sawder,Infinitive,
scabbard,scabbard,Infinitive,
scallop,scalloping,Pres Part.,
scallop,scallops,3Sg Non-Past,
scallop,scallop,Infinitive,
scandal,scandaled,Past Part.,
scandal,scandaling,Pres Part.,
scandal,scandalled,Past,
scandal,scandalled,Past Part.,
scandal,scandalling,Pres Part.,
scandal,scandals,3Sg Non-Past,
scandal,scandal,Infinitive,
scanlate,scanlated,Past,
scanlate,scanlated,Past Part.,
scanlate,scanlates,3Sg Non-Past,
scanlate,scanlate,Infinitive,
scanlate,scanlating,Pres Part.,
scapple,scappled,Past Part.,
scapple,scapples,3Sg Non-Past,
scapple,scapple,Infinitive,
scapple,scappling,Pres Part.,
scaremonger,scaremongers,3Sg Non-Past,
scaremonger,scaremonger,Infinitive,
scar,scarred,Past Part.,
scar,scarring,Pres Part.,
scar,scars,3Sg Non-Past,
scar,scar,Infinitive,
scavage,scavage,Infinitive,
scavage,scavaging,Pres Part.,
schedule,schedule,Infinitive,
schedule,scheduling,Pres Part.,
schlepp,schlepps,3Sg Non-Past,
schlepp,schlepp,Infinitive,
schmear,schmeared,Past Part.,
schmear,schmearing,Pres Part.,
schmear,schmears,3Sg Non-Past,
schmear,schmear,Infinitive,
scholy,scholied,Past Part.,
scholy,scholies,3Sg Non-Past,
scholy,scholying,Pres Part.,
scholy,scholy,Infinitive,
schuss,schussed,Past Part.,
schuss,schusses,3Sg Non-Past,
schuss,schussing,Pres Part.,
schuss,schuss,Infinitive,
scissor,scissors,3Sg Non-Past,
scissor,scissor,Infinitive,
sclerotize,sclerotize,Infinitive,
sclerotize,sclerotizing,Pres Part.,
scoat,scoated,Past,
scoat,scoated,Past Part.,
scoat,scoating,Pres Part.,
scoat,scoats,3Sg Non-Past,
scoat,scoat,Infinitive,
scold,scolds,3Sg Non-Past,
scold,scold,Infinitive,
scootch,scootched,Past Part.,
scootch,scootches,3Sg Non-Past,
scootch,scootching,Pres Part.,
scootch,scootch,Infinitive,
scooter,scootered,Past Part.,
scooter,scootering,Pres Part.,
scooter,scooters,3Sg Non-Past,
scooter,scooter,Infinitive,
scorn,scorn,Infinitive,
scraffle,scraffle,Infinitive,
scraffle,scraffling,Pres Part.,
scrage,scraging,Pres Part.,
scran,scranned,Past,
scran,scranned,Past Part.,
scran,scranning,Pres Part.,
scran,scrans,3Sg Non-Past,
scran,scran,Infinitive,
scrawl,scrawled,Past Part.,
scrawl,scrawling,Pres Part.,
scrawl,scrawls,3Sg Non-Past,
scrawl,scrawl,Infinitive,
screen,screening,Pres Part.,
screen,screens,3Sg Non-Past,
screen,screen,Infinitive,
scriggle,scriggles,3Sg Non-Past,
scriggle,scriggle,Infinitive,
scriggle,scriggling,Pres Part.,
scrimple,scrimpling,Pres Part.,
scrunt,scrunting,Pres Part.,
scrunt,scrunts,3Sg Non-Past,
scrunt,scrunt,Infinitive,
scrupulize,scrupulize,Infinitive,
scrupulize,scrupulizing,Pres Part.,
scrutinize,scrutinizes,3Sg Non-Past,
scrutinize,scrutinize,Infinitive,
scrutinize,scrutinizing,Pres Part.,
scug,scugged,Past,
scug,scugged,Past Part.,
scug,scugging,Pres Part.,
scug,scugs,3Sg Non-Past,
scug,scug,Infinitive,
scull,sculled,Past Part.,
scull,sculling,Pres Part.,
scull,sculls,3Sg Non-Past,
scull,scull,Infinitive,
scum,scum,Infinitive,
scunge,scunging,Pres Part.,
seajack,seajack,Infinitive,
secede,secede,Infinitive,
secede,seceding,Pres Part.,
seckill,seckills,3Sg Non-Past,
seckill,seckill,Infinitive,
second,second,Infinitive,
secrete,secrete,Infinitive,
secrete,secreting,Pres Part.,
sediment,sedimenting,Pres Part.,
sediment,sediments,3Sg Non-Past,
sediment,sediment,Infinitive,
seduce,seduce,Infinitive,
seduce,seducing,Pres Part.,
seed,seeded,Past,
seed,seeded,Past Part.,
seed,seeding,Pres Part.,
seed,seeds,3Sg Non-Past,
seed,seed,Infinitive,
segment,segments,3Sg Non-Past,
segment,segment,Infinitive,
segregate,segregating,Pres Part.,
segue,segues,3Sg Non-Past,
segue,segue,Infinitive,
seize,seizes,3Sg Non-Past,
seize,seize,Infinitive,
seize,seizing,Pres Part.,
self-medicate,self-medicated,Past,
self-medicate,self-medicated,Past Part.,
self-medicate,self-medicates,3Sg Non-Past,
self-medicate,self-medicate,Infinitive,
self-medicate,self-medicating,Pres Part.,
self-sabotage,self-sabotages,3Sg Non-Past,
self-sabotage,self-sabotage,Infinitive,
self-sabotage,self-sabotaging,Pres Part.,
sell,sold,Past Part.,
sense,senses,3Sg Non-Past,
sense,sense,Infinitive,
sense,sensing,Pres Part.,
sentimentalise,sentimentalising,Pres Part.,
sentinel,sentinel,Infinitive,
septuple,septupled,Past,
septuple,septupled,Past Part.,
septuple,septuples,3Sg Non-Past,
septuple,septuple,Infinitive,
septuple,septupling,Pres Part.,
sepulture,sepultures,3Sg Non-Past,
sepulture,sepulture,Infinitive,
sepulture,sepulturing,Pres Part.,
serenade,serenade,Infinitive,
serenade,serenading,Pres Part.,
sermonise,sermonised,Past Part.,
sermonise,sermonises,3Sg Non-Past,
sermonise,sermonise,Infinitive,
sermonise,sermonising,Pres Part.,
serpentinize,serpentinized,Past Part.,
serpentinize,serpentinizes,3Sg Non-Past,
serpentinize,serpentinize,Infinitive,
serpentinize,serpentinizing,Pres Part.,
sexplore,sexplored,Past Part.,
sexplore,sexplores,3Sg Non-Past,
sexplore,sexplore,Infinitive,
sexplore,sexploring,Pres Part.,
sex-text,sex-texting,Pres Part.,
sex-text,sex-texts,3Sg Non-Past,
sex-text,sex-text,Infinitive,
shackle,shackled,Past Part.,
shackle,shackles,3Sg Non-Past,
shackle,shackle,Infinitive,
shackle,shackling,Pres Part.,
shallow-copy,shallow-copying,Pres Part.,
shallow-copy,shallow-copy,Infinitive,
shamble,shamble,Infinitive,
shamble,shambling,Pres Part.,
shame,shamed,Past,
shame,shamed,Past Part.,
shame,shames,3Sg Non-Past,
shame,shame,Infinitive,
shame,shaming,Pres Part.,
shanghai,shanghais,3Sg Non-Past,
shanghai,shanghai,Infinitive,
sharpen,sharpened,Past Part.,
sharpen,sharpening,Pres Part.,
sharpen,sharpens,3Sg Non-Past,
sharpen,sharpen,Infinitive,
shebop,shebopping,Pres Part.,
shebop,shebops,3Sg Non-Past,
shebop,shebop,Infinitive,
shed,shed,Past Part.,
shell,shelling,Pres Part.,
shell,shells,3Sg Non-Past,
shell,shell,Infinitive,
shelter,sheltering,Pres Part.,
shelter,shelters,3Sg Non-Past,
shelter,shelter,Infinitive,
sherlock,sherlocked,Past Part.,
sherlock,sherlocking,Pres Part.,
sherlock,sherlocks,3Sg Non-Past,
sherlock,sherlock,Infinitive,
Shi'ify,Shi'ify,Infinitive,
shine,shining,Pres Part.,
shine,shone,Past,
shine,shone,Past Part.,
shink,shinking,Pres Part.,
shink,shinks,3Sg Non-Past,
shink,shink,Infinitive,
shiver,shivered,Past,
shiver,shivered,Past Part.,
shiver,shivering,Pres Part.,
shiver,shivers,3Sg Non-Past,
shiver,shiver,Infinitive,
shop,shopping,Pres Part.,
shop,shops,3Sg Non-Past,
shop,shop,Infinitive,
shortlist,shortlist,Infinitive,
showroom,showroomed,Past Part.,
showroom,showrooming,Pres Part.,
showroom,showrooms,3Sg Non-Past,
showroom,showroom,Infinitive,
shroud,shrouded,Past,
shroud,shrouded,Past Part.,
shroud,shrouding,Pres Part.,
shroud,shrouds,3Sg Non-Past,
shroud,shroud,Infinitive,
shun,shun,Infinitive,
shuttle,shuttles,3Sg Non-Past,
shuttle,shuttle,Infinitive,
shuttle,shuttling,Pres Part.,
shy,shies,3Sg Non-Past,
shy,shying,Pres Part.,
shy,shy,Infinitive,
sibilate,sibilate,Infinitive,
sibilate,sibilating,Pres Part.,
siccate,siccating,Pres Part.,
sicker,sickers,3Sg Non-Past,
sicker,sicker,Infinitive,
sidewind,sidewinding,Pres Part.,
sidewind,sidewinds,3Sg Non-Past,
sidewind,sidewind,Infinitive,
sight-translate,sight-translating,Pres Part.,
signorise,signorise,Infinitive,
signorise,signorising,Pres Part.,
silverize,silverizing,Pres Part.,
similize,similized,Past Part.,
similize,similizes,3Sg Non-Past,
similize,similize,Infinitive,
similize,similizing,Pres Part.,
simper,simpered,Past,
simper,simpered,Past Part.,
simper,simpering,Pres Part.,
simper,simpers,3Sg Non-Past,
simper,simper,Infinitive,
singularize,singularized,Past Part.,
singularize,singularizes,3Sg Non-Past,
singularize,singularize,Infinitive,
singularize,singularizing,Pres Part.,
sinuate,sinuated,Past,
sinuate,sinuated,Past Part.,
sinuate,sinuates,3Sg Non-Past,
sinuate,sinuate,Infinitive,
sinuate,sinuating,Pres Part.,
skeletonize,skeletonized,Past,
skeletonize,skeletonized,Past Part.,
skeletonize,skeletonizes,3Sg Non-Past,
skeletonize,skeletonize,Infinitive,
skeletonize,skeletonizing,Pres Part.,
skew,skewed,Past,
skew,skewed,Past Part.,
skew,skewing,Pres Part.,
skew,skews,3Sg Non-Past,
skew,skew,Infinitive,
skijor,skijoring,Pres Part.,
skijor,skijors,3Sg Non-Past,
skijor,skijor,Infinitive,
skittle,skittle,Infinitive,
skittle,skittling,Pres Part.,
skol,skolled,Past,
skol,skolled,Past Part.,
skol,skolling,Pres Part.,
skol,skols,3Sg Non-Past,
skol,skol,Infinitive,
skootch,skootched,Past,
skootch,skootched,Past Part.,
skootch,skootches,3Sg Non-Past,
skootch,skootching,Pres Part.,
skootch,skootch,Infinitive,
skreen,skreened,Past Part.,
skreen,skreening,Pres Part.,
skreen,skreens,3Sg Non-Past,
skreen,skreen,Infinitive,
skringe,skringe,Infinitive,
skringe,skringing,Pres Part.,
slabber,slabbers,3Sg Non-Past,
slabber,slabber,Infinitive,
slacken,slackens,3Sg Non-Past,
slacken,slacken,Infinitive,
slandre,slandred,Past,
slandre,slandred,Past Part.,
slandre,slandres,3Sg Non-Past,
slandre,slandre,Infinitive,
slandre,slandring,Pres Part.,
slant,slant,Infinitive,
slapdash,slapdashed,Past Part.,
slapdash,slapdashes,3Sg Non-Past,
slapdash,slapdashing,Pres Part.,
slapdash,slapdash,Infinitive,
slap,slaps,3Sg Non-Past,
slap,slap,Infinitive,
slashdot,slashdotted,Past,
slashdot,slashdotted,Past Part.,
slashdot,slashdotting,Pres Part.,
slashdot,slashdot,Infinitive,
slather,slathers,3Sg Non-Past,
slather,slather,Infinitive,
slaughtre,slaughtres,3Sg Non-Past,
slaughtre,slaughtre,Infinitive,
slaughtre,slaughtring,Pres Part.,
sleepwalk,sleepwalk,Infinitive,
sleepwalk,sleptwalked,Past,
sleepwalk,sleptwalked,Past Part.,
sleepwalk,sleptwalk,Past,
sleepwalk,sleptwalk,Past Part.,
sleeve,sleeved,Past,
sleeve,sleeved,Past Part.,
sleeve,sleeves,3Sg Non-Past,
sleeve,sleeve,Infinitive,
sleeve,sleeving,Pres Part.,
slidder,sliddered,Past,
slidder,sliddered,Past Part.,
slidder,sliddering,Pres Part.,
slidder,slidders,3Sg Non-Past,
slidder,slidder,Infinitive,
slighten,slighten,Infinitive,
slike,sliked,Past,
slike,sliked,Past Part.,
slike,slikes,3Sg Non-Past,
slike,slike,Infinitive,
slike,sliking,Pres Part.,
slingshot,slingshotting,Pres Part.,
slingshot,slingshot,Infinitive,
slink,slinked,Past Part.,
slink,slinking,Pres Part.,
slink,slinks,3Sg Non-Past,
slink,slink,Infinitive,
slink,slunk,Past,
slink,slunk,Past Part.,
slither,slithers,3Sg Non-Past,
slither,slither,Infinitive,
slit,slit,Past Part.,
sloosh,slooshing,Pres Part.,
sloosh,sloosh,Infinitive,
slot,slotting,Pres Part.,
slot,slot,Infinitive,
slubber,slubbering,Pres Part.,
slubber,slubbers,3Sg Non-Past,
slubber,slubber,Infinitive,
slub,slubbing,Pres Part.,
slub,slubs,3Sg Non-Past,
slub,slub,Infinitive,
slush,slushes,3Sg Non-Past,
slush,slushing,Pres Part.,
slush,slush,Infinitive,
smarten,smarten,Infinitive,
smell,smells,3Sg Non-Past,
smell,smell,Infinitive,
smell,smelt,Past,
smell,smelt,Past Part.,
smerk,smerks,3Sg Non-Past,
smerk,smerk,Infinitive,
smicker,smickered,Past,
smicker,smickered,Past Part.,
smicker,smickering,Pres Part.,
smicker,smickers,3Sg Non-Past,
smicker,smicker,Infinitive,
smoosh,smoosh,Infinitive,
SMS,SMSes,3Sg Non-Past,
SMS,SMSing,Pres Part.,
SMS,SMS,Infinitive,
smurf,smurfed,Past Part.,
smurf,smurfing,Pres Part.,
smurf,smurfs,3Sg Non-Past,
smurf,smurf,Infinitive,
snag,snagged,Past Part.,
snag,snagging,Pres Part.,
snag,snags,3Sg Non-Past,
snag,snag,Infinitive,
snark,snarks,3Sg Non-Past,
snark,snark,Infinitive,
sneak,sneaking,Pres Part.,
sneak,sneaks,3Sg Non-Past,
sneak,sneak,Infinitive,
sneak,snuck,Past,
sneak,snuck,Past Part.,
sneer,sneer,Infinitive,
snerk,snerked,Past,
snerk,snerked,Past Part.,
snerk,snerking,Pres Part.,
snerk,snerks,3Sg Non-Past,
snerk,snerk,Infinitive,
snew,snewed,Past,
snew,snewed,Past Part.,
snew,snewing,Pres Part.,
snew,snews,3Sg Non-Past,
snew,snew,Infinitive,
snib,snibbed,Past,
snib,snibbed,Past Part.,
snib,snibbing,Pres Part.,
snib,snibs,3Sg Non-Past,
snib,snib,Infinitive,
snicker,snickering,Pres Part.,
snicker,snickers,3Sg Non-Past,
snicker,snicker,Infinitive,
snig,snigging,Pres Part.,
snig,snigs,3Sg Non-Past,
snig,snig,Infinitive,
snip,snips,3Sg Non-Past,
snip,snip,Infinitive,
snirt,snirted,Past Part.,
snirt,snirting,Pres Part.,
snirt,snirts,3Sg Non-Past,
snirt,snirt,Infinitive,
snitch,snitch,Infinitive,
snivel,snivelled,Past,
snivel,snivelled,Past Part.,
snivel,snivelling,Pres Part.,
snivel,snivels,3Sg Non-Past,
snivel,snivel,Infinitive,
snooker,snookered,Past,
snooker,snookered,Past Part.,
snooker,snookering,Pres Part.,
snooker,snookers,3Sg Non-Past,
snooker,snooker,Infinitive,
snortle,snortles,3Sg Non-Past,
snortle,snortle,Infinitive,
snortle,snortling,Pres Part.,
snowdrop,snowdrops,3Sg Non-Past,
snowdrop,snowdrop,Infinitive,
snowproof,snowproofs,3Sg Non-Past,
snowproof,snowproof,Infinitive,
soberize,soberize,Infinitive,
soberize,soberizing,Pres Part.,
sob,sobbed,Past Part.,
sob,sobbing,Pres Part.,
sob,sobs,3Sg Non-Past,
sob,sob,Infinitive,
soccer,soccered,Past Part.,
soccer,soccering,Pres Part.,
soccer,soccers,3Sg Non-Past,
soccer,soccer,Infinitive,
socialise,socialised,Past,
socialise,socialised,Past Part.,
socialise,socialises,3Sg Non-Past,
socialise,socialise,Infinitive,
socialise,socialising,Pres Part.,
soft-pedal,soft-pedaled,Past Part.,
soft-pedal,soft-pedaling,Pres Part.,
soft-pedal,soft-pedalled,Past,
soft-pedal,soft-pedalled,Past Part.,
soft-pedal,soft-pedalling,Pres Part.,
soft-pedal,soft-pedals,3Sg Non-Past,
soft-pedal,soft-pedal,Infinitive,
soil,soil,Infinitive,
solemnizate,solemnizating,Pres Part.,
somatize,somatizes,3Sg Non-Past,
somatize,somatize,Infinitive,
somatize,somatizing,Pres Part.,
soothe,soothed,Past,
soothe,soothed,Past Part.,
soothe,soothes,3Sg Non-Past,
soothe,soothe,Infinitive,
soothe,soothing,Pres Part.,
soothsay,soothsays,3Sg Non-Past,
soothsay,soothsay,Infinitive,
sorrow,sorrows,3Sg Non-Past,
sorrow,sorrow,Infinitive,
sort,sorts,3Sg Non-Past,
sort,sort,Infinitive,
soss,soss,Infinitive,
souce,souced,Past,
souce,souced,Past Part.,
souce,souces,3Sg Non-Past,
souce,souce,Infinitive,
souce,soucing,Pres Part.,
sour,soured,Past,
sour,soured,Past Part.,
sour,souring,Pres Part.,
sour,sours,3Sg Non-Past,
sour,sour,Infinitive,
southernize,southernized,Past Part.,
southernize,southernizes,3Sg Non-Past,
southernize,southernize,Infinitive,
southernize,southernizing,Pres Part.,
south,southed,Past,
south,southed,Past Part.,
south,southing,Pres Part.,
south,souths,3Sg Non-Past,
south,south,Infinitive,
spange,spanged,Past Part.,
spange,spanges,3Sg Non-Past,
spange,spange,Infinitive,
spange,spanging,Pres Part.,
sparble,sparbles,3Sg Non-Past,
sparble,sparble,Infinitive,
sparble,sparbling,Pres Part.,
sparse,sparsed,Past Part.,
sparse,sparses,3Sg Non-Past,
sparse,sparse,Infinitive,
sparse,sparsing,Pres Part.,
spatter,spattered,Past Part.,
spatter,spattering,Pres Part.,
spatter,spatters,3Sg Non-Past,
spatter,spatter,Infinitive,
spazz,spazzing,Pres Part.,
spazz,spazz,Infinitive,
specialize,specialized,Past,
specialize,specialized,Past Part.,
specialize,specializes,3Sg Non-Past,
specialize,specialize,Infinitive,
specialize,specializing,Pres Part.,
specificate,specificated,Past Part.,
specificate,specificates,3Sg Non-Past,
specificate,specificate,Infinitive,
specificate,specificating,Pres Part.,
speckle,speckling,Pres Part.,
spectate,spectated,Past,
spectate,spectated,Past Part.,
spectate,spectates,3Sg Non-Past,
spectate,spectate,Infinitive,
spectate,spectating,Pres Part.,
speel,speeling,Pres Part.,
speel,speels,3Sg Non-Past,
speel,speel,Infinitive,
speer,speers,3Sg Non-Past,
speer,speer,Infinitive,
spellcheck,spellchecking,Pres Part.,
spellcheck,spellchecks,3Sg Non-Past,
spellcheck,spellcheck,Infinitive,
spirtle,spirtled,Past Part.,
spirtle,spirtles,3Sg Non-Past,
spirtle,spirtle,Infinitive,
spirtle,spirtling,Pres Part.,
spitshine,spitshine,Infinitive,
spitshine,spitshin,3Sg Non-Past,
splice,spliced,Past Part.,
splice,splices,3Sg Non-Past,
splice,splice,Infinitive,
splice,splicing,Pres Part.,
spline,splined,Past Part.,
spline,splines,3Sg Non-Past,
spline,spline,Infinitive,
spline,splining,Pres Part.,
splint,splinted,Past Part.,
splint,splinting,Pres Part.,
splint,splints,3Sg Non-Past,
splint,splint,Infinitive,
splosh,sploshes,3Sg Non-Past,
splosh,sploshing,Pres Part.,
splosh,splosh,Infinitive,
splurt,splurt,Infinitive,
spoke,spoked,Past,
spoke,spoked,Past Part.,
spoke,spokes,3Sg Non-Past,
spoke,spoke,Infinitive,
spoke,spoking,Pres Part.,
sponsor,sponsoring,Pres Part.,
sponsor,sponsors,3Sg Non-Past,
sponsor,sponsor,Infinitive,
sportfish,sportfish,Infinitive,
s'pose,s'pose,Infinitive,
s'pose,s'posing,Pres Part.,
spray,spray,Infinitive,
springboard,springboarded,Past Part.,
springboard,springboarding,Pres Part.,
springboard,springboards,3Sg Non-Past,
springboard,springboard,Infinitive,
spurn,spurning,Pres Part.,
spurn,spurns,3Sg Non-Past,
spurn,spurn,Infinitive,
squawl,squawling,Pres Part.,
squawl,squawls,3Sg Non-Past,
squawl,squawl,Infinitive,
squinny,squinnied,Past,
squinny,squinnied,Past Part.,
squinny,squinnies,3Sg Non-Past,
squinny,squinnying,Pres Part.,
squinny,squinny,Infinitive,
squint,squinting,Pres Part.,
squint,squints,3Sg Non-Past,
squint,squint,Infinitive,
squiny,squinied,Past,
squiny,squinied,Past Part.,
squiny,squinies,3Sg Non-Past,
squiny,squinying,Pres Part.,
squiny,squiny,Infinitive,
sqush,squshes,3Sg Non-Past,
sqush,squshing,Pres Part.,
sqush,sqush,Infinitive,
stake,staking,Pres Part.,
stanch,stanches,3Sg Non-Past,
stanch,stanching,Pres Part.,
stanch,stanch,Infinitive,
standardise,standardised,Past,
standardise,standardised,Past Part.,
standardise,standardises,3Sg Non-Past,
standardise,standardise,Infinitive,
standardise,standardising,Pres Part.,
standby,standbys,3Sg Non-Past,
standby,standby,Infinitive,
staple,staples,3Sg Non-Past,
staple,staple,Infinitive,
staple,stapling,Pres Part.,
stare,staring,Pres Part.,
stark,starked,Past Part.,
stark,starking,Pres Part.,
stark,starks,3Sg Non-Past,
stark,stark,Infinitive,
star,starring,Pres Part.,
star,stars,3Sg Non-Past,
star,star,Infinitive,
starve,starve,Infinitive,
starve,starving,Pres Part.,
starve,storven,Past Part.,
starve,storve,Past,
stash,stashed,Past,
stash,stashed,Past Part.,
stash,stashes,3Sg Non-Past,
stash,stashing,Pres Part.,
stash,stash,Infinitive,
statement,statemented,Past Part.,
statement,statementing,Pres Part.,
statement,statements,3Sg Non-Past,
statement,statement,Infinitive,
stat,statted,Past,
stat,statted,Past Part.,
stat,statting,Pres Part.,
stat,stat,Infinitive,
staystitch,staystitched,Past,
staystitch,staystitched,Past Part.,
staystitch,staystitches,3Sg Non-Past,
staystitch,staystitching,Pres Part.,
staystitch,staystitch,Infinitive,
steady,steadying,Pres Part.,
steady,steady,Infinitive,
steem,steem,Infinitive,
stench,stenching,Pres Part.,
stench,stench,Infinitive,
stethoscope,stethoscope,Infinitive,
stethoscope,stethoscoping,Pres Part.,
steve,steved,Past,
steve,steved,Past Part.,
steve,steves,3Sg Non-Past,
steve,steve,Infinitive,
steve,steving,Pres Part.,
sticker,stickering,Pres Part.,
sticker,stickers,3Sg Non-Past,
sticker,sticker,Infinitive,
stilt,stilted,Past,
stilt,stilted,Past Part.,
stilt,stilting,Pres Part.,
stilt,stilts,3Sg Non-Past,
stilt,stilt,Infinitive,
stink,stank,Past,
stink,stinking,Pres Part.,
stink,stinks,3Sg Non-Past,
stink,stink,Infinitive,
stink,stunk,Past,
stink,stunk,Past Part.,
stive,stive,Infinitive,
stive,stiving,Pres Part.,
stock,stocks,3Sg Non-Past,
stock,stock,Infinitive,
stoop,stooped,Past Part.,
stoop,stooping,Pres Part.,
stoop,stoops,3Sg Non-Past,
stoop,stoop,Infinitive,
storehouse,storehouse,Infinitive,
storehouse,storehousing,Pres Part.,
stott,stotted,Past Part.,
stott,stottin,Pres Part.,
stott,stotts,3Sg Non-Past,
stott,stott,Infinitive,
straighten,straightening,Pres Part.,
straighten,straightens,3Sg Non-Past,
straighten,straighten,Infinitive,
stranger,stranger,Infinitive,
strange,stranged,Past,
strange,stranged,Past Part.,
strange,stranges,3Sg Non-Past,
strange,strange,Infinitive,
strange,stranging,Pres Part.,
streek,streeked,Past,
streek,streeked,Past Part.,
streek,streeking,Pres Part.,
streek,streeks,3Sg Non-Past,
streek,streek,Infinitive,
streighten,streightened,Past,
streighten,streightened,Past Part.,
streighten,streightening,Pres Part.,
streighten,streightens,3Sg Non-Past,
streighten,streighten,Infinitive,
striddle,striddles,3Sg Non-Past,
striddle,striddle,Infinitive,
striddle,striddling,Pres Part.,
strowl,strowled,Past Part.,
strowl,strowling,Pres Part.,
strowl,strowls,3Sg Non-Past,
strowl,strowl,Infinitive,
structurize,structurizes,3Sg Non-Past,
structurize,structurize,Infinitive,
structurize,structurizing,Pres Part.,
stucco,stuccos,3Sg Non-Past,
stucco,stucco,Infinitive,
stud,studded,Past,
stud,studded,Past Part.,
stud,studding,Pres Part.,
stud,studs,3Sg Non-Past,
stud,stud,Infinitive,
style,styled,Past,
style,styled,Past Part.,
style,styles,3Sg Non-Past,
style,style,Infinitive,
style,styling,Pres Part.,
stymie,stymieing,Pres Part.,
stymie,stymies,3Sg Non-Past,
stymie,stymie,Infinitive,
subclone,subcloning,Pres Part.,
subcontract,subcontracted,Past Part.,
subcontract,subcontracting,Pres Part.,
subcontract,subcontracts,3Sg Non-Past,
subcontract,subcontract,Infinitive,
subinfer,subinferred,Past,
subinfer,subinferred,Past Part.,
subinfer,subinferring,Pres Part.,
subinfer,subinfers,3Sg Non-Past,
subinfer,subinfer,Infinitive,
subjectivise,subjectivised,Past,
subjectivise,subjectivised,Past Part.,
subjectivise,subjectivises,3Sg Non-Past,
subjectivise,subjectivise,Infinitive,
subjectivise,subjectivising,Pres Part.,
subjoin,subjoin,Infinitive,
sublime,sublimes,3Sg Non-Past,
sublime,sublime,Infinitive,
sublime,subliming,Pres Part.,
subnect,subnect,Infinitive,
subsidize,subsidizing,Pres Part.,
substrate,substrated,Past Part.,
substrate,substrates,3Sg Non-Past,
substrate,substrate,Infinitive,
substrate,substrating,Pres Part.,
subtweet,subtweet,Infinitive,
suburbanize,suburbanizing,Pres Part.,
subvert,subverts,3Sg Non-Past,
subvert,subvert,Infinitive,
suction,suction,Infinitive,
suffice,sufficed,Past,
suffice,sufficed,Past Part.,
suffice,suffices,3Sg Non-Past,
suffice,suffice,Infinitive,
suffice,sufficing,Pres Part.,
suggest,suggested,Past Part.,
suggest,suggesting,Pres Part.,
suggest,suggests,3Sg Non-Past,
suggest,suggest,Infinitive,
suitcase,suitcased,Past Part.,
suitcase,suitcases,3Sg Non-Past,
suitcase,suitcase,Infinitive,
suitcase,suitcasing,Pres Part.,
sulfurate,sulfurates,3Sg Non-Past,
sulfurate,sulfurate,Infinitive,
sulfurate,sulfurating,Pres Part.,
sulk,sulks,3Sg Non-Past,
sulk,sulk,Infinitive,
sunnitize,sunnitize,Infinitive,
sunnitize,sunnitizing,Pres Part.,
Sunnize,Sunnized,Past Part.,
Sunnize,Sunnizes,3Sg Non-Past,
sunnize,sunnize,Infinitive,
sunnize,sunnizing,Pres Part.,
superclass,superclassed,Past,
superclass,superclassed,Past Part.,
superclass,superclasses,3Sg Non-Past,
superclass,superclassing,Pres Part.,
superclass,superclass,Infinitive,
supererogate,supererogated,Past Part.,
supererogate,supererogates,3Sg Non-Past,
supererogate,supererogate,Infinitive,
supererogate,supererogating,Pres Part.,
superfix,superfixing,Pres Part.,
superfix,superfix,Infinitive,
superordinate,superordinating,Pres Part.,
superovulate,superovulate,Infinitive,
superovulate,superovulating,Pres Part.,
supertitle,supertitle,Infinitive,
supertitle,supertitling,Pres Part.,
supplant,supplants,3Sg Non-Past,
supplant,supplant,Infinitive,
supplicate,supplicated,Past,
supplicate,supplicated,Past Part.,
supplicate,supplicates,3Sg Non-Past,
supplicate,supplicate,Infinitive,
supplicate,supplicating,Pres Part.,
support,support,Infinitive,
supputate,supputate,Infinitive,
supputate,supputating,Pres Part.,
surcloy,surcloyed,Past,
surcloy,surcloyed,Past Part.,
surcloy,surcloying,Pres Part.,
surcloy,surcloys,3Sg Non-Past,
surcloy,surcloy,Infinitive,
surf,surfs,3Sg Non-Past,
surf,surf,Infinitive,
surmise,surmises,3Sg Non-Past,
surmise,surmise,Infinitive,
surmise,surmising,Pres Part.,
surpass,surpassed,Past Part.,
surpass,surpasses,3Sg Non-Past,
surpass,surpassing,Pres Part.,
surpass,surpass,Infinitive,
surrebut,surrebutting,Pres Part.,
surrebut,surrebut,Infinitive,
surrejoin,surrejoins,3Sg Non-Past,
surrejoin,surrejoin,Infinitive,
surrender,surrendered,Past,
surrender,surrendered,Past Part.,
surrender,surrendering,Pres Part.,
surrender,surrenders,3Sg Non-Past,
surrender,surrender,Infinitive,
survey,surveyed,Past,
survey,surveyed,Past Part.,
survey,surveying,Pres Part.,
survey,surveys,3Sg Non-Past,
survey,survey,Infinitive,
suscitate,suscitating,Pres Part.,
suspect,suspected,Past,
suspect,suspected,Past Part.,
suspect,suspecting,Pres Part.,
suspect,suspects,3Sg Non-Past,
suspect,suspect,Infinitive,
swag,swags,3Sg Non-Past,
swag,swag,Infinitive,
swamp,swamped,Past,
swamp,swamped,Past Part.,
swamp,swamping,Pres Part.,
swamp,swamps,3Sg Non-Past,
swamp,swamp,Infinitive,
swan,swans,3Sg Non-Past,
swan,swan,Infinitive,
swarve,swarved,Past Part.,
swarve,swarves,3Sg Non-Past,
swarve,swarve,Infinitive,
swarve,swarving,Pres Part.,
sweare,swore,Past,
sweare,sworne,Past Part.,
sweatdrop,sweatdropped,Past,
sweatdrop,sweatdropped,Past Part.,
sweatdrop,sweatdropping,Pres Part.,
sweatdrop,sweatdrops,3Sg Non-Past,
sweatdrop,sweatdrop,Infinitive,
swedge,swedges,3Sg Non-Past,
swedge,swedge,Infinitive,
swedge,swedging,Pres Part.,
sweet-talk,sweet-talking,Pres Part.,
sweet-talk,sweet-talks,3Sg Non-Past,
sweet-talk,sweet-talk,Infinitive,
swill,swilled,Past Part.,
swill,swilling,Pres Part.,
swill,swills,3Sg Non-Past,
swill,swill,Infinitive,
swim,swum,Past Part.,
swipe,swipes,3Sg Non-Past,
swipe,swipe,Infinitive,
swipe,swiping,Pres Part.,
switch-hit,switch-hit,Past,
switch-hit,switch-hit,Past Part.,
swivel,swivelling,Pres Part.,
swivel,swivels,3Sg Non-Past,
swivel,swivel,Infinitive,
swob,swobbed,Past,
swob,swobbed,Past Part.,
swob,swobbing,Pres Part.,
swob,swobs,3Sg Non-Past,
swob,swob,Infinitive,
syllabize,syllabized,Past,
syllabize,syllabized,Past Part.,
syllabize,syllabizes,3Sg Non-Past,
syllabize,syllabize,Infinitive,
syllabize,syllabizing,Pres Part.,
sync,syncs,3Sg Non-Past,
sync,sync,Infinitive,
syphilize,syphilizes,3Sg Non-Past,
syphilize,syphilize,Infinitive,
syphilize,syphilizing,Pres Part.,
tabularize,tabularized,Past,
tabularize,tabularized,Past Part.,
tabularize,tabularizes,3Sg Non-Past,
tabularize,tabularize,Infinitive,
tabularize,tabularizing,Pres Part.,
tact,tacted,Past,
tact,tacted,Past Part.,
tact,tacting,Pres Part.,
tact,tacts,3Sg Non-Past,
tact,tact,Infinitive,
tailor,tailored,Past,
tailor,tailored,Past Part.,
tailor,tailoring,Pres Part.,
tailor,tailors,3Sg Non-Past,
tailor,tailor,Infinitive,
talliate,talliates,3Sg Non-Past,
talliate,talliate,Infinitive,
talliate,talliating,Pres Part.,
tally,tallied,Past Part.,
tally,tallies,3Sg Non-Past,
tally,tallying,Pres Part.,
tally,tally,Infinitive,
tang,tanged,Past,
tang,tanged,Past Part.,
tang,tanging,Pres Part.,
tang,tangs,3Sg Non-Past,
tang,tang,Infinitive,
tape-record,tape-record,Infinitive,
tape,taped,Past Part.,
tape,tapes,3Sg Non-Past,
tape,tape,Infinitive,
tape,taping,Pres Part.,
tare,tare,Infinitive,
tare,taring,Pres Part.,
target,targeting,Pres Part.,
target,targets,3Sg Non-Past,
target,targetted,Past,
target,targetted,Past Part.,
target,targetting,Pres Part.,
target,target,Infinitive,
tarmac,tarmacked,Past,
tarmac,tarmacked,Past Part.,
tarmac,tarmacking,Pres Part.,
tarmac,tarmacs,3Sg Non-Past,
tarmac,tarmac,Infinitive,
tath,taths,3Sg Non-Past,
tath,tath,Infinitive,
tawn,tawn,Infinitive,
tax,taxed,Past,
tax,taxed,Past Part.,
tax,taxes,3Sg Non-Past,
tax,taxing,Pres Part.,
tax,tax,Infinitive,
tear-gas,tear-gas,Infinitive,
tear,tore,Past,
tear,torn,Past Part.,
teld,telding,Pres Part.,
teld,telds,3Sg Non-Past,
teld,teld,Infinitive,
telecast,telecast,Past Part.,
teleconference,teleconferenced,Past,
teleconference,teleconferenced,Past Part.,
teleconference,teleconferences,3Sg Non-Past,
teleconference,teleconference,Infinitive,
teleconference,teleconferencing,Pres Part.,
telemarket,telemarketed,Past Part.,
telemarket,telemarketing,Pres Part.,
telemarket,telemarkets,3Sg Non-Past,
telemarket,telemarket,Infinitive,
telemonitor,telemonitor,Infinitive,
telepath,telepathed,Past,
telepath,telepathed,Past Part.,
telepath,telepathing,Pres Part.,
telepath,telepaths,3Sg Non-Past,
telepath,telepath,Infinitive,
telescope,telescoped,Past Part.,
telescope,telescopes,3Sg Non-Past,
telescope,telescope,Infinitive,
telescope,telescoping,Pres Part.,
teletype,teletyped,Past,
teletype,teletyped,Past Part.,
teletype,teletypes,3Sg Non-Past,
teletype,teletype,Infinitive,
teletype,teletyping,Pres Part.,
telnet,telnetted,Past Part.,
telnet,telnetting,Pres Part.,
telnet,telnet,Infinitive,
templatize,templatize,Infinitive,
templatize,templatizing,Pres Part.,
temporalize,temporalize,Infinitive,
temporalize,temporalizing,Pres Part.,
temporise,temporised,Past Part.,
temporise,temporises,3Sg Non-Past,
temporise,temporise,Infinitive,
temporise,temporising,Pres Part.,
temporize,temporizes,3Sg Non-Past,
temporize,temporize,Infinitive,
temporize,temporizing,Pres Part.,
tender,tendering,Pres Part.,
tender,tenders,3Sg Non-Past,
tender,tender,Infinitive,
tepefy,tepefied,Past,
tepefy,tepefied,Past Part.,
tepefy,tepefies,3Sg Non-Past,
tepefy,tepefying,Pres Part.,
tepefy,tepefy,Infinitive,
terminate,terminated,Past,
terminate,terminated,Past Part.,
terminate,terminates,3Sg Non-Past,
terminate,terminate,Infinitive,
terminate,terminating,Pres Part.,
term-limit,term-limited,Past Part.,
term-limit,term-limiting,Pres Part.,
term-limit,term-limits,3Sg Non-Past,
term-limit,term-limit,Infinitive,
terp,terp,Infinitive,
tesselate,tesselated,Past,
tesselate,tesselated,Past Part.,
tesselate,tesselates,3Sg Non-Past,
tesselate,tesselate,Infinitive,
tesselate,tesselating,Pres Part.,
textualize,textualize,Infinitive,
textualize,textualizing,Pres Part.,
texturise,texturise,Infinitive,
texturise,texturising,Pres Part.,
texturize,texturizes,3Sg Non-Past,
texturize,texturize,Infinitive,
texturize,texturizing,Pres Part.,
thanke,thanked,Past,
thanke,thanked,Past Part.,
thanke,thankes,3Sg Non-Past,
thanke,thanke,Infinitive,
thanke,thanking,Pres Part.,
Thatcherise,Thatcherises,3Sg Non-Past,
Thatcherise,Thatcherise,Infinitive,
Thatcherise,Thatcherising,Pres Part.,
Thatcherize,Thatcherized,Past,
Thatcherize,Thatcherized,Past Part.,
Thatcherize,Thatcherizes,3Sg Non-Past,
Thatcherize,Thatcherize,Infinitive,
Thatcherize,Thatcherizing,Pres Part.,
theatricalize,theatricalized,Past,
theatricalize,theatricalized,Past Part.,
theatricalize,theatricalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
theatricalize,theatricalize,Infinitive,
theatricalize,theatricalizing,Pres Part.,
therapy,therapy,Infinitive,
thermolyze,thermolyzed,Past,
thermolyze,thermolyzed,Past Part.,
thermolyze,thermolyzes,3Sg Non-Past,
thermolyze,thermolyze,Infinitive,
thermolyze,thermolyzing,Pres Part.,
thick,thicks,3Sg Non-Past,
thick,thick,Infinitive,
third,thirded,Past,
third,thirded,Past Part.,
third,thirding,Pres Part.,
third,thirds,3Sg Non-Past,
third,third,Infinitive,
thirl,thirls,3Sg Non-Past,
thirl,thirl,Infinitive,
thirst,thirst,Infinitive,
thizz,thizzed,Past Part.,
thizz,thizzes,3Sg Non-Past,
thizz,thizzing,Pres Part.,
thizz,thizz,Infinitive,
threaten,threatening,Pres Part.,
threaten,threatens,3Sg Non-Past,
threaten,threaten,Infinitive,
thresh,threshes,3Sg Non-Past,
thresh,threshing,Pres Part.,
thresh,thresh,Infinitive,
thrid,thridding,Pres Part.,
thrid,thrids,3Sg Non-Past,
thrid,thrid,Infinitive,
throat,throating,Pres Part.,
throat,throats,3Sg Non-Past,
throat,throat,Infinitive,
thru-hike,thru-hikes,3Sg Non-Past,
thru-hike,thru-hike,Infinitive,
thru-hike,thru-hiking,Pres Part.,
thwack,thwack,Infinitive,
thwock,thwocking,Pres Part.,
thwock,thwocks,3Sg Non-Past,
thwock,thwock,Infinitive,
tick,ticks,3Sg Non-Past,
tick,tick,Infinitive,
tidy,tidied,Past,
tidy,tidied,Past Part.,
tidy,tidies,3Sg Non-Past,
tidy,tidying,Pres Part.,
tidy,tidy,Infinitive,
tidy-up,tidy-up,Infinitive,
time-limit,time-limiting,Pres Part.,
time-limit,time-limits,3Sg Non-Past,
time-limit,time-limit,Infinitive,
time-stamp,time-stamp,Infinitive,
tinder,tinders,3Sg Non-Past,
tinder,tinder,Infinitive,
tinker,tinkered,Past,
tinker,tinkered,Past Part.,
tinker,tinkering,Pres Part.,
tinker,tinkers,3Sg Non-Past,
tinker,tinker,Infinitive,
tippy-toe,tippy-toed,Past Part.,
tippy-toe,tippy-toeing,Pres Part.,
tippy-toe,tippy-toes,3Sg Non-Past,
tippy-toe,tippy-toe,Infinitive,
tithe,tithing,Pres Part.,
title,titled,Past Part.,
title,titles,3Sg Non-Past,
title,title,Infinitive,
title,titling,Pres Part.,
titrate,titrate,Infinitive,
titrate,titrating,Pres Part.,
titre,titred,Past,
titre,titred,Past Part.,
titre,titres,3Sg Non-Past,
titre,titre,Infinitive,
titre,titring,Pres Part.,
titwank,titwanks,3Sg Non-Past,
titwank,titwank,Infinitive,
toast,toast,Infinitive,
toat,toating,Pres Part.,
toat,toats,3Sg Non-Past,
toat,toat,Infinitive,
tobeat,tobeating,Pres Part.,
tobeat,tobeats,3Sg Non-Past,
tobeat,tobeat,Infinitive,
tobeat,tobeat,Past,
tocleave,tocleft,Past Part.,
tocleave,tocloven,Past Part.,
tocleave,toclove,Past,
tod,tods,3Sg Non-Past,
tod,tod,Infinitive,
toe,toeing,Pres Part.,
toe,toes,3Sg Non-Past,
toe,toe,Infinitive,
toggle,toggled,Past,
toggle,toggled,Past Part.,
toggle,toggles,3Sg Non-Past,
toggle,toggle,Infinitive,
toggle,toggling,Pres Part.,
tog,togging,Pres Part.,
tog,togs,3Sg Non-Past,
tog,tog,Infinitive,
tolt,tolted,Past Part.,
tolt,tolting,Pres Part.,
tolt,tolts,3Sg Non-Past,
tolt,tolt,Infinitive,
tomato,tomatoed,Past Part.,
tomato,tomatoing,Pres Part.,
tomato,tomatos,3Sg Non-Past,
tomato,tomato,Infinitive,
tonitruate,tonitruated,Past,
tonitruate,tonitruated,Past Part.,
tonitruate,tonitruates,3Sg Non-Past,
tonitruate,tonitruate,Infinitive,
tonitruate,tonitruating,Pres Part.,
toot,tooted,Past,
toot,tooted,Past Part.,
toot,tooting,Pres Part.,
toot,toots,3Sg Non-Past,
toot,toot,Infinitive,
top-dress,top-dresses,3Sg Non-Past,
top-dress,top-dressing,Pres Part.,
top-dress,top-dress,Infinitive,
topinch,topinch,Infinitive,
topline,toplined,Past,
topline,toplined,Past Part.,
topline,toplines,3Sg Non-Past,
topline,topline,Infinitive,
topline,toplining,Pres Part.,
top-post,top-posts,3Sg Non-Past,
top-post,top-post,Infinitive,
top-rope,top-ropes,3Sg Non-Past,
top-rope,top-rope,Infinitive,
top-rope,top-roping,Pres Part.,
torfel,torfels,3Sg Non-Past,
torfel,torfel,Infinitive,
torit,toritting,Pres Part.,
torit,torit,Infinitive,
torit,torit,Past,
torit,torit,Past Part.,
torrify,torrify,Infinitive,
tosliver,tosliver,Infinitive,
totread,totrod,Past,
tout,touts,3Sg Non-Past,
tout,tout,Infinitive,
towind,towind,Infinitive,
towind,towound,Past,
towind,towound,Past Part.,
toyi-toyi,toyi-toyied,Past,
toyi-toyi,toyi-toyied,Past Part.,
toyi-toyi,toyi-toyiing,Pres Part.,
toyi-toyi,toyi-toyis,3Sg Non-Past,
toyi-toyi,toyi-toyi,Infinitive,
traceroute,tracerouted,Past,
traceroute,tracerouted,Past Part.,
traceroute,traceroutes,3Sg Non-Past,
traceroute,traceroute,Infinitive,
traceroute,tracerouting,Pres Part.,
traduce,traducing,Pres Part.,
trail,trailed,Past,
trail,trailed,Past Part.,
trail,trailing,Pres Part.,
trail,trails,3Sg Non-Past,
trail,trail,Infinitive,
tramble,trambling,Pres Part.,
trampoline,trampolines,3Sg Non-Past,
trampoline,trampoline,Infinitive,
trampoline,trampolining,Pres Part.,
tramp,tramping,Pres Part.,
tramp,tramps,3Sg Non-Past,
tramp,tramp,Infinitive,
tranch,tranched,Past,
tranch,tranched,Past Part.,
tranch,tranches,3Sg Non-Past,
tranch,tranching,Pres Part.,
tranch,tranch,Infinitive,
transactivate,transactivated,Past,
transactivate,transactivated,Past Part.,
transactivate,transactivates,3Sg Non-Past,
transactivate,transactivate,Infinitive,
transactivate,transactivating,Pres Part.,
transcolate,transcolate,Infinitive,
transcolate,transcolating,Pres Part.,
transfenestrate,transfenestrate,Infinitive,
transfenestrate,transfenestrating,Pres Part.,
transfigure,transfigured,Past Part.,
transfigure,transfigures,3Sg Non-Past,
transfigure,transfigure,Infinitive,
transfigure,transfiguring,Pres Part.,
transfrete,transfrete,Infinitive,
transfrete,transfreting,Pres Part.,
transglycosylate,transglycosylated,Past,
transglycosylate,transglycosylated,Past Part.,
transglycosylate,transglycosylates,3Sg Non-Past,
transglycosylate,transglycosylate,Infinitive,
transglycosylate,transglycosylating,Pres Part.,
transilluminate,transilluminated,Pres Part.,
transilluminate,transilluminates,3Sg Non-Past,
transilluminate,transilluminate,Infinitive,
transilluminate,transilluminating,Past,
transilluminate,transilluminating,Past Part.,
transmeate,transmeate,Infinitive,
transmeate,transmeating,Pres Part.,
transmew,transmew,Infinitive,
transpire,transpires,3Sg Non-Past,
transpire,transpire,Infinitive,
transpire,transpiring,Pres Part.,
transprose,transprosing,Pres Part.,
transude,transudes,3Sg Non-Past,
transude,transude,Infinitive,
transude,transuding,Pres Part.,
transvalue,transvalue,Infinitive,
transvalue,transvaluing,Pres Part.,
transverse,transversing,Pres Part.,
traunch,traunches,3Sg Non-Past,
traunch,traunching,Pres Part.,
traunch,traunch,Infinitive,
treasure,treasure,Infinitive,
treasure,treasuring,Pres Part.,
tree,treeing,Pres Part.,
tree,trees,3Sg Non-Past,
tree,tree,Infinitive,
tremble,trembles,3Sg Non-Past,
tremble,tremble,Infinitive,
tremble,trembling,Pres Part.,
tremour,tremour,Infinitive,
triangulate,triangulated,Past Part.,
triangulate,triangulates,3Sg Non-Past,
triangulate,triangulate,Infinitive,
triangulate,triangulating,Pres Part.,
tribute,tributed,Past Part.,
tribute,tributes,3Sg Non-Past,
tribute,tribute,Infinitive,
tribute,tributing,Pres Part.,
trifurcate,trifurcated,Past Part.,
trifurcate,trifurcates,3Sg Non-Past,
trifurcate,trifurcate,Infinitive,
trifurcate,trifurcating,Pres Part.,
trinkle,trinkle,Infinitive,
trinkle,trinkling,Pres Part.,
trip,tripped,Past Part.,
trip,tripping,Pres Part.,
trip,trips,3Sg Non-Past,
trip,trip,Infinitive,
trod,trod,Infinitive,
trolley,trolleys,3Sg Non-Past,
trolley,trolley,Infinitive,
trolley,trollied,Past,
trolley,trollied,Past Part.,
troupe,trouped,Past,
troupe,trouped,Past Part.,
troupe,troupes,3Sg Non-Past,
troupe,troupe,Infinitive,
troupe,trouping,Pres Part.,
trowl,trowled,Past,
trowl,trowled,Past Part.,
trowl,trowling,Pres Part.,
trowl,trowls,3Sg Non-Past,
trowl,trowl,Infinitive,
trypsinise,trypsinised,Past Part.,
trypsinise,trypsinises,3Sg Non-Past,
trypsinise,trypsinise,Infinitive,
trypsinise,trypsinising,Pres Part.,
trypsinize,trypsinized,Past Part.,
trypsinize,trypsinizes,3Sg Non-Past,
trypsinize,trypsinize,Infinitive,
trypsinize,trypsinizing,Pres Part.,
tumb,tumbs,3Sg Non-Past,
tumb,tumb,Infinitive,
tumefy,tumefied,Past Part.,
tumefy,tumefies,3Sg Non-Past,
tumefy,tumefying,Pres Part.,
tumefy,tumefy,Infinitive,
tumulate,tumulate,Infinitive,
tumulate,tumulating,Pres Part.,
turnpike,turnpiking,Pres Part.,
tusk,tusk,Infinitive,
twat,twatted,Past,
twat,twatted,Past Part.,
twat,twatting,Pres Part.,
twat,twat,Infinitive,
tweedle,tweedle,Infinitive,
tweedle,tweedling,Pres Part.,
tweep,tweeped,Past,
tweep,tweeped,Past Part.,
tweep,tweeping,Pres Part.,
tweep,tweeps,3Sg Non-Past,
tweep,tweep,Infinitive,
tweeze,tweezing,Pres Part.,
twifallow,twifallows,3Sg Non-Past,
twifallow,twifallow,Infinitive,
twinkle,twinkling,Pres Part.,
twire,twire,Infinitive,
twire,twiring,Pres Part.,
twitch,twitched,Past Part.,
twitch,twitches,3Sg Non-Past,
twitch,twitching,Pres Part.,
twitch,twitch,Infinitive,
Twitter,Twitter,Infinitive,
tyek,tyek,Infinitive,
Tylerize,Tylerized,Past,
Tylerize,Tylerized,Past Part.,
Tylerize,Tylerizes,3Sg Non-Past,
Tylerize,Tylerize,Infinitive,
Tylerize,Tylerizing,Pres Part.,
typo,typo,Infinitive,
tyrannise,tyrannises,3Sg Non-Past,
tyrannise,tyrannise,Infinitive,
tyrannise,tyrannising,Pres Part.,
tyrant,tyrant,Infinitive,
umbecast,umbecast,Past Part.,
umbego,umbego,Infinitive,
umbego,umbewent,Past,
umbegrip,umbegrips,3Sg Non-Past,
umbegrip,umbegrip,Infinitive,
umbeschew,umbeschewed,Past,
umbeschew,umbeschewed,Past Part.,
umbeschew,umbeschewing,Pres Part.,
umbeschew,umbeschews,3Sg Non-Past,
umbeschew,umbeschew,Infinitive,
umbrage,umbraged,Past,
umbrage,umbraged,Past Part.,
umbrage,umbrages,3Sg Non-Past,
umbrage,umbrage,Infinitive,
umbrage,umbraging,Pres Part.,
umbraid,umbraided,Past,
umbraid,umbraided,Past Part.,
umbraid,umbraiding,Pres Part.,
umbraid,umbraids,3Sg Non-Past,
umbraid,umbraid,Infinitive,
umbrate,umbrated,Past Part.,
umbrate,umbrates,3Sg Non-Past,
umbrate,umbrate,Infinitive,
umbrate,umbrating,Pres Part.,
unabandon,unabandoned,Past,
unabandon,unabandoned,Past Part.,
unabandon,unabandoning,Pres Part.,
unabandon,unabandons,3Sg Non-Past,
unabandon,unabandon,Infinitive,
unabbreviate,unabbreviating,Pres Part.,
unalienate,unalienate,Infinitive,
unalienate,unalienating,Pres Part.,
unbalance,unbalance,Infinitive,
unbalance,unbalancing,Pres Part.,
unballast,unballasted,Past Part.,
unballast,unballasting,Pres Part.,
unballast,unballasts,3Sg Non-Past,
unballast,unballast,Infinitive,
unbar,unbarred,Past Part.,
unbar,unbarring,Pres Part.,
unbar,unbars,3Sg Non-Past,
unbar,unbar,Infinitive,
unbeach,unbeach,Infinitive,
unbeast,unbeasts,3Sg Non-Past,
unbeast,unbeast,Infinitive,
unbespeak,unbespeaks,3Sg Non-Past,
unbespeak,unbespeak,Infinitive,
unbespeak,unbespoken,Past Part.,
unbespeak,unbespoke,Past,
unbewitch,unbewitches,3Sg Non-Past,
unbewitch,unbewitching,Pres Part.,
unbewitch,unbewitch,Infinitive,
unbolt,unbolting,Pres Part.,
unbolt,unbolts,3Sg Non-Past,
unbolt,unbolt,Infinitive,
unbone,unbone,Infinitive,
unbone,unboning,Pres Part.,
unbonnet,unbonnet,Infinitive,
unboot,unbooted,Past Part.,
unboot,unbooting,Pres Part.,
unboot,unboots,3Sg Non-Past,
unboot,unboot,Infinitive,
unbore,unboring,Pres Part.,
unbottle,unbottled,Past,
unbottle,unbottled,Past Part.,
unbottle,unbottles,3Sg Non-Past,
unbottle,unbottle,Infinitive,
unbottle,unbottling,Pres Part.,
unbung,unbung,Infinitive,
unburrow,unburrowed,Past,
unburrow,unburrowed,Past Part.,
unburrow,unburrowing,Pres Part.,
unburrow,unburrows,3Sg Non-Past,
unburrow,unburrow,Infinitive,
uncape,uncapes,3Sg Non-Past,
uncape,uncape,Infinitive,
uncape,uncaping,Pres Part.,
uncart,uncarts,3Sg Non-Past,
uncart,uncart,Infinitive,
uncase,uncase,Infinitive,
uncase,uncasing,Pres Part.,
unchristianize,unchristianized,Past Part.,
unchristianize,unchristianizes,3Sg Non-Past,
unchristianize,unchristianize,Infinitive,
unchristianize,unchristianizing,Pres Part.,
uncinch,uncinched,Past Part.,
uncinch,uncinches,3Sg Non-Past,
uncinch,uncinching,Pres Part.,
uncinch,uncinch,Infinitive,
unclamp,unclamped,Past Part.,
unclamp,unclamping,Pres Part.,
unclamp,unclamps,3Sg Non-Past,
unclamp,unclamp,Infinitive,
unclench,unclenched,Past,
unclench,unclenched,Past Part.,
unclench,unclenches,3Sg Non-Past,
unclench,unclenching,Pres Part.,
unclench,unclench,Infinitive,
unclew,unclews,3Sg Non-Past,
unclew,unclew,Infinitive,
uncomplicate,uncomplicated,Past,
uncomplicate,uncomplicated,Past Part.,
uncomplicate,uncomplicates,3Sg Non-Past,
uncomplicate,uncomplicate,Infinitive,
uncomplicate,uncomplicating,Pres Part.,
unconcede,unconcedes,3Sg Non-Past,
unconcede,unconcede,Infinitive,
unconcede,unconceding,Pres Part.,
uncook,uncooked,Past Part.,
uncook,uncooking,Pres Part.,
uncook,uncooks,3Sg Non-Past,
uncook,uncook,Infinitive,
uncoop,uncooping,Pres Part.,
uncoop,uncoops,3Sg Non-Past,
uncoop,uncoop,Infinitive,
uncrook,uncrooked,Past,
uncrook,uncrooked,Past Part.,
uncrook,uncrooking,Pres Part.,
uncrook,uncrooks,3Sg Non-Past,
uncrook,uncrook,Infinitive,
uncup,uncupped,Past,
uncup,uncupped,Past Part.,
uncup,uncupping,Pres Part.,
uncup,uncups,3Sg Non-Past,
uncup,uncup,Infinitive,
undam,undammed,Past,
undam,undammed,Past Part.,
undam,undamming,Pres Part.,
undam,undams,3Sg Non-Past,
undam,undam,Infinitive,
undeafen,undeafened,Past,
undeafen,undeafened,Past Part.,
undeafen,undeafening,Pres Part.,
undeafen,undeafens,3Sg Non-Past,
undeafen,undeafen,Infinitive,
undeclare,undeclared,Past Part.,
undeclare,undeclares,3Sg Non-Past,
undeclare,undeclare,Infinitive,
undeclare,undeclaring,Pres Part.,
underbid,underbid,Infinitive,
underbid,underbid,Past,
underbid,underbid,Past Part.,
underbring,underbrought,Past Part.,
underbuy,underbought,Past,
underbuy,underbought,Past Part.,
underbuy,underbuying,Pres Part.,
underbuy,underbuys,3Sg Non-Past,
underbuy,underbuy,Infinitive,
undercalculate,undercalculated,Past,
undercalculate,undercalculated,Past Part.,
undercalculate,undercalculates,3Sg Non-Past,
undercalculate,undercalculate,Infinitive,
undercalculate,undercalculating,Pres Part.,
undercapitalize,undercapitalizing,Pres Part.,
undercast,undercasting,Pres Part.,
undercast,undercasts,3Sg Non-Past,
undercast,undercast,Infinitive,
undercast,undercast,Past,
undercast,undercast,Past Part.,
undercool,undercooling,Pres Part.,
undercool,undercools,3Sg Non-Past,
undercool,undercool,Infinitive,
underenforce,underenforced,Past,
underenforce,underenforced,Past Part.,
underenforce,underenforces,3Sg Non-Past,
underenforce,underenforce,Infinitive,
underenforce,underenforcing,Pres Part.,
underexplain,underexplain,Infinitive,
underflow,underflowed,Past,
underflow,underflowed,Past Part.,
underflow,underflowing,Pres Part.,
underflow,underflows,3Sg Non-Past,
underflow,underflow,Infinitive,
underhole,underholing,Pres Part.,
underinvest,underinvested,Past Part.,
underinvest,underinvesting,Pres Part.,
underinvest,underinvests,3Sg Non-Past,
underinvest,underinvest,Infinitive,
underkeep,underkeeping,Pres Part.,
underkeep,underkeeps,3Sg Non-Past,
underkeep,underkeep,Infinitive,
underkeep,underkept,Past,
underkeep,underkept,Past Part.,
underlead,underleads,3Sg Non-Past,
underlead,underlead,Infinitive,
underlead,underled,Past,
underlead,underled,Past Part.,
underoptimize,underoptimized,Past Part.,
underoptimize,underoptimizes,3Sg Non-Past,
underoptimize,underoptimize,Infinitive,
underoptimize,underoptimizing,Pres Part.,
underorder,underorders,3Sg Non-Past,
underorder,underorder,Infinitive,
underpot,underpotting,Pres Part.,
underpot,underpot,Infinitive,
underpower,underpowers,3Sg Non-Past,
underpower,underpower,Infinitive,
underreport,underreports,3Sg Non-Past,
underreport,underreport,Infinitive,
understate,understating,Pres Part.,
understeer,understeers,3Sg Non-Past,
understeer,understeer,Infinitive,
undo,undone,Past Part.,
undo,undo,Infinitive,
undream,undreamed,Past Part.,
undream,undreaming,Pres Part.,
undream,undreams,3Sg Non-Past,
undream,undream,Infinitive,
unface,unface,Infinitive,
unface,unfacing,Pres Part.,
unfeather,unfeathers,3Sg Non-Past,
unfeather,unfeather,Infinitive,
unfence,unfence,Infinitive,
unfence,unfencing,Pres Part.,
unfeudalize,unfeudalizes,3Sg Non-Past,
unfeudalize,unfeudalize,Infinitive,
unfeudalize,unfeudalizing,Pres Part.,
unflex,unflexed,Past,
unflex,unflexed,Past Part.,
unflex,unflexes,3Sg Non-Past,
unflex,unflexing,Pres Part.,
unflex,unflex,Infinitive,
unflood,unflooded,Past Part.,
unflood,unflooding,Pres Part.,
unflood,unfloods,3Sg Non-Past,
unflood,unflood,Infinitive,
unfold,unfold,Infinitive,
unfollow,unfollow,Infinitive,
unfurnish,unfurnish,Infinitive,
unfurrow,unfurrowing,Pres Part.,
unfurrow,unfurrows,3Sg Non-Past,
unfurrow,unfurrow,Infinitive,
ungod,ungodded,Past Part.,
ungod,ungodding,Pres Part.,
ungod,ungods,3Sg Non-Past,
ungod,ungod,Infinitive,
ungroup,ungroup,Infinitive,
unhair,unhair,Infinitive,
unhandcuff,unhandcuffed,Past,
unhandcuff,unhandcuffed,Past Part.,
unhandcuff,unhandcuffing,Pres Part.,
unhandcuff,unhandcuffs,3Sg Non-Past,
unhandcuff,unhandcuff,Infinitive,
unhill,unhill,Infinitive,
unhook,unhooking,Pres Part.,
unhook,unhooks,3Sg Non-Past,
unhook,unhook,Infinitive,
unhouse,unhouse,Infinitive,
unhouse,unhousing,Pres Part.,
unicast,unicasts,3Sg Non-Past,
unicast,unicast,Infinitive,
unimpale,unimpaled,Past,
unimpale,unimpaled,Past Part.,
unimpale,unimpales,3Sg Non-Past,
unimpale,unimpale,Infinitive,
unimpale,unimpaling,Pres Part.,
unindent,unindents,3Sg Non-Past,
unindent,unindent,Infinitive,
unionise,unionise,Infinitive,
unionise,unionising,Pres Part.,
unitarianize,unitarianized,Past,
unitarianize,unitarianized,Past Part.,
unitarianize,unitarianizes,3Sg Non-Past,
unitarianize,unitarianize,Infinitive,
unitarianize,unitarianizing,Pres Part.,
unjinx,unjinxed,Past Part.,
unjinx,unjinxes,3Sg Non-Past,
unjinx,unjinxing,Pres Part.,
unjinx,unjinx,Infinitive,
unkennel,unkenneled,Past,
unkennel,unkenneled,Past Part.,
unkennel,unkenneling,Pres Part.,
unkennel,unkennels,3Sg Non-Past,
unkennel,unkennel,Infinitive,
unkink,unkinks,3Sg Non-Past,
unkink,unkink,Infinitive,
unlike,unliking,Pres Part.,
unmake,unmade,Past Part.,
unmake,unmakes,3Sg Non-Past,
unmake,unmake,Infinitive,
unmake,unmaking,Pres Part.,
unmarry,unmarried,Past,
unmarry,unmarried,Past Part.,
unmarry,unmarries,3Sg Non-Past,
unmarry,unmarrying,Pres Part.,
unmarry,unmarry,Infinitive,
unmasque,unmasque,Infinitive,
unmasque,unmasquing,Pres Part.,
unmonopolize,unmonopolized,Past,
unmonopolize,unmonopolized,Past Part.,
unmonopolize,unmonopolizes,3Sg Non-Past,
unmonopolize,unmonopolize,Infinitive,
unmonopolize,unmonopolizing,Pres Part.,
unmortgage,unmortgage,Infinitive,
unmortgage,unmortgaging,Pres Part.,
unorder,unorders,3Sg Non-Past,
unorder,unorder,Infinitive,
unpadlock,unpadlocking,Pres Part.,
unpadlock,unpadlocks,3Sg Non-Past,
unpadlock,unpadlock,Infinitive,
unpaint,unpainted,Past Part.,
unpaint,unpainting,Pres Part.,
unpaint,unpaints,3Sg Non-Past,
unpaint,unpaint,Infinitive,
unparent,unparenting,Pres Part.,
unparent,unparents,3Sg Non-Past,
unparent,unparent,Infinitive,
unparse,unparsed,Past Part.,
unparse,unparses,3Sg Non-Past,
unparse,unparse,Infinitive,
unparse,unparsing,Pres Part.,
unpen,unpenned,Past,
unpen,unpenned,Past Part.,
unpen,unpenning,Pres Part.,
unpen,unpens,3Sg Non-Past,
unpen,unpen,Infinitive,
unpiece,unpieces,3Sg Non-Past,
unpiece,unpiece,Infinitive,
unpiece,unpiecing,Pres Part.,
unpot,unpotted,Past,
unpot,unpotted,Past Part.,
unpot,unpotting,Pres Part.,
unpot,unpot,Infinitive,
unpucker,unpuckers,3Sg Non-Past,
unpucker,unpucker,Infinitive,
unrate,unrated,Past Part.,
unrate,unrates,3Sg Non-Past,
unrate,unrate,Infinitive,
unrate,unrating,Pres Part.,
unrecord,unrecorded,Past Part.,
unrecord,unrecording,Pres Part.,
unrecord,unrecords,3Sg Non-Past,
unrecord,unrecord,Infinitive,
unroost,unroosts,3Sg Non-Past,
unroost,unroost,Infinitive,
unruffle,unruffles,3Sg Non-Past,
unruffle,unruffle,Infinitive,
unruffle,unruffling,Pres Part.,
unscrew,unscrew,Infinitive,
unscroll,unscroll,Infinitive,
unseel,unseel,Infinitive,
unsensualize,unsensualized,Past,
unsensualize,unsensualized,Past Part.,
unsensualize,unsensualizes,3Sg Non-Past,
unsensualize,unsensualize,Infinitive,
unsensualize,unsensualizing,Pres Part.,
unshape,unshaped,Past,
unshape,unshaped,Past Part.,
unshape,unshapen,Past Part.,
unshape,unshapes,3Sg Non-Past,
unshape,unshape,Infinitive,
unshape,unshaping,Pres Part.,
unshape,unshope,Past,
unshelve,unshelves,3Sg Non-Past,
unshelve,unshelve,Infinitive,
unshelve,unshelving,Pres Part.,
unshoe,unshoes,3Sg Non-Past,
unshoe,unshoe,Infinitive,
unshot,unshotted,Past Part.,
unshot,unshotting,Pres Part.,
unshot,unshot,Infinitive,
unsocket,unsocketed,Past Part.,
unsocket,unsocketing,Pres Part.,
unsocket,unsockets,3Sg Non-Past,
unsocket,unsocket,Infinitive,
unspeak,unspeaks,3Sg Non-Past,
unspeak,unspeak,Infinitive,
unspeak,unspoken,Past Part.,
unspeak,unspoke,Past,
unstarch,unstarches,3Sg Non-Past,
unstarch,unstarching,Pres Part.,
unstarch,unstarch,Infinitive,
unstick,unstuck,Past Part.,
unstink,unstinking,Pres Part.,
unstink,unstinks,3Sg Non-Past,
unstink,unstink,Infinitive,
unstock,unstocked,Past,
unstock,unstocked,Past Part.,
unstock,unstocking,Pres Part.,
unstock,unstocks,3Sg Non-Past,
unstock,unstock,Infinitive,
unstrap,unstrapped,Past Part.,
unstrap,unstrapping,Pres Part.,
unstrap,unstraps,3Sg Non-Past,
unstrap,unstrap,Infinitive,
unstress,unstressed,Past Part.,
unstress,unstresses,3Sg Non-Past,
unstress,unstressing,Pres Part.,
unstress,unstress,Infinitive,
unthink,unthinks,3Sg Non-Past,
unthink,unthink,Infinitive,
unthink,unthought,Past,
unthink,unthought,Past Part.,
untrammel,untrammeled,Past,
untrammel,untrammeled,Past Part.,
untrammel,untrammeling,Pres Part.,
untrammel,untrammelled,Past,
untrammel,untrammelled,Past Part.,
untrammel,untrammelling,Pres Part.,
untrammel,untrammels,3Sg Non-Past,
untrammel,untrammel,Infinitive,
unturn,unturn,Infinitive,
untwist,untwisted,Past Part.,
untwist,untwisting,Pres Part.,
untwist,untwists,3Sg Non-Past,
untwist,untwist,Infinitive,
unveil,unveils,3Sg Non-Past,
unveil,unveil,Infinitive,
unvisard,unvisard,Infinitive,
unwill,unwilled,Past Part.,
unwill,unwilling,Pres Part.,
unwill,unwills,3Sg Non-Past,
unwill,unwill,Infinitive,
unwrinkle,unwrinkled,Past Part.,
unwrinkle,unwrinkles,3Sg Non-Past,
unwrinkle,unwrinkle,Infinitive,
unwrinkle,unwrinkling,Pres Part.,
unzipper,unzippering,Pres Part.,
unzipper,unzippers,3Sg Non-Past,
unzipper,unzipper,Infinitive,
upbreed,upbred,Past,
upbreed,upbred,Past Part.,
upbreed,upbreeding,Pres Part.,
upbreed,upbreeds,3Sg Non-Past,
upbreed,upbreed,Infinitive,
upclimb,upclimbed,Past,
upclimb,upclimbed,Past Part.,
upclimb,upclimbing,Pres Part.,
upclimb,upclimbs,3Sg Non-Past,
upclimb,upclimb,Infinitive,
upclock,upclocks,3Sg Non-Past,
upclock,upclock,Infinitive,
upcurl,upcurling,Pres Part.,
upcurl,upcurls,3Sg Non-Past,
upcurl,upcurl,Infinitive,
upflow,upflowed,Past Part.,
upflow,upflowing,Pres Part.,
upflow,upflows,3Sg Non-Past,
upflow,upflow,Infinitive,
upgrade,upgrade,Infinitive,
upgrade,upgrading,Pres Part.,
uphoist,uphoisted,Past Part.,
uphoist,uphoisting,Pres Part.,
uphoist,uphoists,3Sg Non-Past,
uphoist,uphoist,Infinitive,
uphold,upheld,Past,
uphold,upheld,Past Part.,
uphold,upholden,Past Part.,
uphold,upholding,Pres Part.,
uphold,upholds,3Sg Non-Past,
uphold,uphold,Infinitive,
uphurl,uphurl,Infinitive,
upleap,uplope,Past,
uplink,uplinked,Past,
uplink,uplinked,Past Part.,
uplink,uplinking,Pres Part.,
uplink,uplinks,3Sg Non-Past,
uplink,uplink,Infinitive,
uplock,uplocks,3Sg Non-Past,
uplock,uplock,Infinitive,
uppercut,uppercuts,3Sg Non-Past,
uppercut,uppercutting,Pres Part.,
uppercut,uppercut,Infinitive,
uppercut,uppercut,Past,
uppercut,uppercut,Past Part.,
uprate,uprating,Pres Part.,
uprise,uprises,3Sg Non-Past,
uprise,uprise,Infinitive,
uprise,uprising,Pres Part.,
uprise,uprose,Past,
upscale,upscales,3Sg Non-Past,
upscale,upscale,Infinitive,
upscale,upscaling,Pres Part.,
upseek,upsought,Past Part.,
upsert,upserting,Pres Part.,
upsert,upserts,3Sg Non-Past,
upsert,upsert,Infinitive,
upset,upset,Past,
upset,upset,Past Part.,
upshift,upshifted,Past,
upshift,upshifted,Past Part.,
upshift,upshifting,Pres Part.,
upshift,upshifts,3Sg Non-Past,
upshift,upshift,Infinitive,
upskill,upskilled,Past Part.,
upskill,upskilling,Pres Part.,
upskill,upskills,3Sg Non-Past,
upskill,upskill,Infinitive,
upstay,upstays,3Sg Non-Past,
upstay,upstay,Infinitive,
uptie,uptied,Past,
uptie,uptied,Past Part.,
uptie,upties,3Sg Non-Past,
uptie,uptie,Infinitive,
uptie,uptying,Pres Part.,
urbanise,urbanising,Pres Part.,
urbanize,urbanizes,3Sg Non-Past,
urbanize,urbanize,Infinitive,
urbanize,urbanizing,Pres Part.,
uridylate,uridylating,Pres Part.,
'urry,'urry,Infinitive,
utilise,utilises,3Sg Non-Past,
utilise,utilise,Infinitive,
utilise,utilising,Pres Part.,
vacate,vacate,Infinitive,
vacate,vacating,Pres Part.,
vacuum,vacuumed,Past,
vacuum,vacuumed,Past Part.,
vacuum,vacuuming,Pres Part.,
vacuum,vacuums,3Sg Non-Past,
vacuum,vacuum,Infinitive,
vade,vading,Pres Part.,
vague,vagues,3Sg Non-Past,
vague,vague,Infinitive,
vague,vaguing,Pres Part.,
vajazzle,vajazzled,Past Part.,
vajazzle,vajazzles,3Sg Non-Past,
vajazzle,vajazzle,Infinitive,
vajazzle,vajazzling,Pres Part.,
valet,valeting,Pres Part.,
valet,valets,3Sg Non-Past,
valet,valet,Infinitive,
valve,valved,Past,
valve,valved,Past Part.,
valve,valves,3Sg Non-Past,
valve,valve,Infinitive,
valve,valving,Pres Part.,
vampirize,vampirized,Past,
vampirize,vampirized,Past Part.,
vampirize,vampirizes,3Sg Non-Past,
vampirize,vampirize,Infinitive,
vampirize,vampirizing,Pres Part.,
vandyke,vandyked,Past,
vandyke,vandyked,Past Part.,
vandyke,vandykes,3Sg Non-Past,
vandyke,vandyke,Infinitive,
vandyke,vandyking,Pres Part.,
vant,vanted,Past,
vant,vanted,Past Part.,
vant,vanting,Pres Part.,
vant,vants,3Sg Non-Past,
vant,vant,Infinitive,
van,vanned,Past,
van,vanned,Past Part.,
van,vanning,Pres Part.,
van,vans,3Sg Non-Past,
van,van,Infinitive,
vaporise,vaporises,3Sg Non-Past,
vaporise,vaporise,Infinitive,
vaporise,vaporising,Pres Part.,
varify,varified,Past Part.,
varify,varifies,3Sg Non-Past,
varify,varifying,Pres Part.,
varify,varify,Infinitive,
vart,varted,Past Part.,
vart,varting,Pres Part.,
vart,varts,3Sg Non-Past,
vart,vart,Infinitive,
vasal,vasalled,Past,
vasal,vasalled,Past Part.,
vasal,vasalling,Pres Part.,
vasal,vasals,3Sg Non-Past,
vasal,vasal,Infinitive,
vassal,vassal,Infinitive,
vaticinate,vaticinates,3Sg Non-Past,
vaticinate,vaticinate,Infinitive,
vaticinate,vaticinating,Pres Part.,
vectorize,vectorizing,Pres Part.,
velarize,velarizes,3Sg Non-Past,
velarize,velarize,Infinitive,
velarize,velarizing,Pres Part.,
velvet,velveted,Past,
velvet,velveted,Past Part.,
velvet,velveting,Pres Part.,
velvet,velvets,3Sg Non-Past,
velvet,velvet,Infinitive,
veneer,veneering,Pres Part.,
veneer,veneers,3Sg Non-Past,
veneer,veneer,Infinitive,
ventouse,ventouses,3Sg Non-Past,
ventouse,ventouse,Infinitive,
ventouse,ventousing,Pres Part.,
verbify,verbified,Past,
verbify,verbified,Past Part.,
verbify,verbifies,3Sg Non-Past,
verbify,verbifying,Pres Part.,
verbify,verbify,Infinitive,
verbize,verbized,Past Part.,
verbize,verbizes,3Sg Non-Past,
verbize,verbize,Infinitive,
verbize,verbizing,Pres Part.,
vestigate,vestigated,Past,
vestigate,vestigated,Past Part.,
vestigate,vestigates,3Sg Non-Past,
vestigate,vestigate,Infinitive,
vestigate,vestigating,Pres Part.,
vex,vexes,3Sg Non-Past,
vex,vexing,Pres Part.,
vex,vex,Infinitive,
vial,vialing,Pres Part.,
vial,vials,3Sg Non-Past,
vial,vial,Infinitive,
vibe,vibed,Past,
vibe,vibed,Past Part.,
vibe,vibes,3Sg Non-Past,
vibe,vibe,Infinitive,
vibe,vibing,Pres Part.,
victimate,victimating,Pres Part.,
victuall,victualls,3Sg Non-Past,
victuall,victuall,Infinitive,
vide,vided,Past Part.,
vide,vides,3Sg Non-Past,
vide,vide,Infinitive,
vide,viding,Pres Part.,
vilify,vilified,Past,
vilify,vilified,Past Part.,
vilify,vilifies,3Sg Non-Past,
vilify,vilifying,Pres Part.,
vilify,vilify,Infinitive,
viliorate,viliorated,Past,
viliorate,viliorated,Past Part.,
viliorate,viliorates,3Sg Non-Past,
viliorate,viliorate,Infinitive,
viliorate,viliorating,Pres Part.,
villanize,villanized,Past,
villanize,villanized,Past Part.,
villanize,villanizes,3Sg Non-Past,
villanize,villanize,Infinitive,
villanize,villanizing,Pres Part.,
virtuate,virtuating,Pres Part.,
visualise,visualised,Past,
visualise,visualised,Past Part.,
visualise,visualises,3Sg Non-Past,
visualise,visualise,Infinitive,
visualise,visualising,Pres Part.,
vitriolate,vitriolated,Past Part.,
vitriolate,vitriolates,3Sg Non-Past,
vitriolate,vitriolate,Infinitive,
vitriolate,vitriolating,Pres Part.,
vom,vommed,Past Part.,
vom,vomming,Pres Part.,
vom,voms,3Sg Non-Past,
vom,vom,Infinitive,
vroom,vroomed,Past,
vroom,vroomed,Past Part.,
vroom,vrooming,Pres Part.,
vroom,vrooms,3Sg Non-Past,
vroom,vroom,Infinitive,
vulcanise,vulcanised,Past,
vulcanise,vulcanised,Past Part.,
vulcanise,vulcanises,3Sg Non-Past,
vulcanise,vulcanise,Infinitive,
vulcanise,vulcanising,Pres Part.,
vuln,vulned,Past,
vuln,vulned,Past Part.,
vuln,vulning,Pres Part.,
vuln,vulns,3Sg Non-Past,
vuln,vuln,Infinitive,
wabble,wabbled,Past,
wabble,wabbled,Past Part.,
wabble,wabbles,3Sg Non-Past,
wabble,wabble,Infinitive,
wabble,wabbling,Pres Part.,
wackyparse,wackyparses,3Sg Non-Past,
wackyparse,wackyparse,Infinitive,
wackyparse,wackyparsing,Pres Part.,
wafer,wafered,Past,
wafer,wafered,Past Part.,
wafer,wafering,Pres Part.,
wafer,wafers,3Sg Non-Past,
wafer,wafer,Infinitive,
waggle,waggles,3Sg Non-Past,
waggle,waggle,Infinitive,
waggle,waggling,Pres Part.,
waggon,waggoned,Past,
waggon,waggoned,Past Part.,
waggon,waggoning,Pres Part.,
waggon,waggons,3Sg Non-Past,
waggon,waggon,Infinitive,
wagon,wagoned,Past Part.,
wagon,wagoning,Pres Part.,
wagon,wagons,3Sg Non-Past,
wagon,wagon,Infinitive,
waive,waive,Infinitive,
waive,waiving,Pres Part.,
wall,wall,Infinitive,
warp,warp,Infinitive,
warrantise,warrantised,Past Part.,
warrantise,warrantises,3Sg Non-Past,
warrantise,warrantise,Infinitive,
warrantise,warrantising,Pres Part.,
warranty,warranties,3Sg Non-Past,
warranty,warrantying,Pres Part.,
warranty,warranty,Infinitive,
wash,washed,Past,
wash,washed,Past Part.,
wash,washes,3Sg Non-Past,
wash,washing,Pres Part.,
wash,wash,Infinitive,
water,water,Infinitive,
watusi,watusiing,Pres Part.,
watusi,watusis,3Sg Non-Past,
watusi,watusi,Infinitive,
wawl,wawls,3Sg Non-Past,
wawl,wawl,Infinitive,
wax,waxing,Pres Part.,
wax,wax,Infinitive,
wax,wex,Past,
weaponise,weaponises,3Sg Non-Past,
weaponise,weaponise,Infinitive,
weaponise,weaponising,Pres Part.,
wear,wears,3Sg Non-Past,
wear,wear,Infinitive,
wear,wore,Past,
wear,worn,Past Part.,
weasel,weasels,3Sg Non-Past,
weasel,weasel,Infinitive,
wedge,wedged,Past Part.,
wedge,wedges,3Sg Non-Past,
wedge,wedge,Infinitive,
wedge,wedging,Pres Part.,
weight-lift,weight-lifting,Pres Part.,
weight-lift,weight-lifts,3Sg Non-Past,
weight-lift,weight-lift,Infinitive,
weight,weighted,Past Part.,
weight,weighting,Pres Part.,
weight,weights,3Sg Non-Past,
weight,weight,Infinitive,
well-order,well-ordered,Past Part.,
well-order,well-ordering,Pres Part.,
well-order,well-orders,3Sg Non-Past,
well-order,well-order,Infinitive,
welter,welters,3Sg Non-Past,
welter,welter,Infinitive,
welt,welt,Infinitive,
westernise,westernises,3Sg Non-Past,
westernise,westernise,Infinitive,
westernise,westernising,Pres Part.,
wester,westered,Past,
wester,westered,Past Part.,
wester,westering,Pres Part.,
wester,westers,3Sg Non-Past,
wester,wester,Infinitive,
weyve,weyved,Past Part.,
weyve,weyves,3Sg Non-Past,
weyve,weyve,Infinitive,
weyve,weyving,Pres Part.,
what-if,what-ifs,3Sg Non-Past,
what-if,what-if,Infinitive,
